
This is my first post on nosleep, but I feel you guys should know about this. If you want to get to the `meat'of the story, you can skip ahead to the 4th paragraph. Growing up I always feared monsters. Even in college, which most would consider
to be the time when you can be called an adult, my greatest fears were the monsters under my bed, in the closet or at the window. I would always tell myself how silly this was seeing as I was an adult at this point and I was still afraid of
something I knew did not exist. That was until....... I met my wife. But before I tell you what happened, let me elaborate on how I met my wife to be and how much she means to me.

I met Natalie in college. I was a nerdy guy, yet she saw in me something that no other girl in my life had. She was an extremely kind person, who always had the sweetest of intentions. As I spent more time with her, I realized how many things
we had in common. To me she was the most beautiful girl in the world. I could stare into her green eyes for the rest of my life, and that's what I chose to do when I proposed and we finally got married.

Fast forward to married life, I am working now, while she is working on an online masters degree. Life is good, life is actually perfect, too perfect. Ever since we got married, I've told her everything, my deepest secrets, my deepest feelings,
and most importantly, my deepest fears. I remember when I first told her about my silly fear of monsters, at first she laughed it off. But over time, she noticed how I would sometimes shiver in bed, lying awake in fear. Being the sweet heart
that she is, she would hold me, and tell me it would be alright. My wife became my protector, she became the one to keep my fears in check. Her face became that of an angel to me, one that would protect me from whatever scary things life
had in store for me. I came to trust those beautiful green eyes, and every time I saw her, I knew I was safe.

Now to the more......weird things that have been happening of late. The first incident that I can recall that could be defined as strange happened at 3:00 am one night. I woke up feeling extremely thirsty, and being the fearful guy that I am,
grabbed the flash light to go get some water. As soon as I turned on the flashlight I noticed my wife wasn't in bed. I looked over to the bathroom and the light was on and I could hear the water running so I assumed she was there. Half asleep I
walked downstairs to the kitchen and almost had a heart attackwhen I saw my wife standing in a corner drinking water. As soon as I saw her though, I felt safe. She smiled at me as she sipped the water from the glass. I was too tired and I
mumbled something about how hot it is as I got some water. She continued to smile at me as I finished my water and headed upstairs. As I walked backupstairs I called out that she should come backto bed seeing as it's so late. When I get back
to my room, there she was, sound asleep. This was the moment I became wide awake. I could have sworn she was downstairs having water. Afraid to go backdownstairs, I woke her up and told her what happened. Half asleep, half upset, she
comforted me and told me to go backto bed. The next morning she joked about how I'm so afraid of the darkthat I see her everywhere as my protector. "Besides, I was using the bathroom when you thought I was out of bed" she claimed.
With that warm smile, how could I thinkotherwise?

A weeklater, another strange incident. This was in broad day light, while on a Saturday morning, Natalie woke me up at 11:00 am and told me she was going to get groceries. At around 11:30 am I finally got out of bed and dressed up for a late
brunch with my beautiful wife. I went to the kitchen and found her drinking a glass of water. I smiled and said "Backso soon honey?" She didn't reply, just smiled as she sipped on her water. Before I could approach her, the doorbell rang and I
immediately went to go see who it was. I opened the door. Yes, it was my wife, backwith all the groceries. "Oh help me with all of this will you?" she jokingly snapped as she put down the paper bags by the door. As soon as she saw my color
drained face, she knew something was wrong. She sat me down, got me some water and I told her what happened. This time it was in broad daylight, and I knew what I saw. As much as I had come to adore her beautiful green eyes, for the first
time, I saw in them a strange fear. My wife was the strong one, never afraid. She told me there is something she should have told me a long time ago. She said this happened to her as a kid, a lot. Where her parents and siblings would see her in
places they knew she wasn't. They could never explain these occurrences, but seeing as it caused no harm, they came to live with it without really questioning these encounters.

It tookme a few months to process everything she had told me, but I started to live with it also. Like I said, my true perception of fear was monsters, not my beautiful wife. Several similar incidents happen, for instance I would see her sitting in
bed, only to find her cooking in the kitchen downstairs. And in all these instances, when I would interact with this `entity'that I still saw as my wife, she would smile and not say anything. I actually came to find comfort in seeing my wife all the
time, always smiling, always happy, and always perfect. It is important to note, however, that in all of these incidents, there was never any overlap. Meaning I never saw her in two places simultaneously. I guess any sane person would have
called out to their wife when they thought they were seeing the entity. But like I said, I found comfort in her green eyes, in her smiling face, so honestly I didn't really care.

Then today, everything changed. My wife told me she was going to visit her grandparents who live an hour away from where we do. She invited me to go, but seeing as it was a Sunday and I just wanted to be lazy, I told her to go ahead without
me. This is when it finally happened. The overlap. I was in my living room watching TV when I got up to get myself a coke. There she was, my wife again, sipping water from a glass and just smiling. I was so used to it by now, knowing this
was the `entity', I smiled and said "And it is nice to see you are still watching over me!" She smile and continued to lookat me with those beautiful green eyes I had grown so fond of. That's when the phone rang and I turned away from the
`entity'to pickit up. "Hey sweetie, I'm going to run a little late since granny insists on me staying for lunch!" It was my wife, and as soon as I heard her voice, I heard a glass shatter, which my wife on the phone also heard. I turned around and
saw that the `entity'was now glaring at me, the smile no longer there. But rather, a very disturbing grin. She was pointing at me, with her head tilted at a perfect 90 degree angle. But that wasn't what disturbed me, it was her eyes. They were no
longer the green that I found so much comfort in. They were pitch black, like those demons in the movies. I stared at her as I was at a complete loss of words. "Honey, is everything ok? Did you drop something?" my wife asked on the phone. I
whispered backinto the phone "I didn't, she did......." At this point my wife screamed into the phone "HANG UP AND LOOK AWAY!!!!" I don't know how I found the strength to do so, but I did exactly what she said. When I opened my eyes
a split second later, she was gone. Confused and scared, I called my wife backwho said she was already on the way "It shouldn't have happened, it shouldn't have overlapped, they said it wouldn't........they said she was harmless........."

I am too scared to just sit around and wait, I still keep looking over my shoulder. My wife should be home anytime now. As soon as she gets backI will askher who she meant by "they" and what the hell is going on. She knows something and I
have to know what it is. Never did I thinkthat the one I hold so near and dear to my heart, the one who protects me, could become the monster that I fear the most.

Part 2 - What exactly is 'it'?

If you haven't read the first part of my story, you should checkout Part 1. For those of you who are already aware of what's going on, let me get to it. When my wife (Natalie) finally got backshe came in crying and wouldn't stop. She kept
saying "You.......you don't deserve this.......we don't deserve this........ you weren't supposed to overlap.......I love you, I care about you........your family, you shouldn't have overlapped"

At this point I was really confused. I comforted her, held her until she stopped crying. Then when she finally settled I asked "Love, you're not making any sense....... Who is `she'......are you referring to the entity........?" She told me she
doesn't have a name for `it'and she has never actually seen her. Only others around her can sometimes see her. But she has always been described as someone who looks just like her, the same radiant smile and the same lovely green eyes.
"But when you screamed in the phone earlier, you knew that what I was seeing didn't you........how?" She looked at me and started crying again. "I only kept it from you because I didn't want to freakyou out....." she said. "Its alright, just tell
me everything....." I replied, pulling her close. Then she told me the story of the last person who `overlapped', meaning saw her and the entity at the same time.

When Natalie was in high school, her family, namely her parents and two brothers were used to seeing `it'(as I call it, for the lackof a better word) around the house. She was always described as a smiling girl, who would usually just be sipping
on water. This occurrence only seemed to happen in her house, never at school or outside. Her parents, knowing the situation, would never allow her to bring any friends over for fear that they might freakout what they see. But one day, upon
her insistence, and arguing that seeing it has never done anyone harm, her parents let her bring over a friend. Natalie and her friend Chris, were working on some homeworkwhen Natalie decided to go down to the kitchen and grab some snacks.
While she was coming backup, she heard Chris saying "Very funny........but you're weirding me out with that smile......" Natalie stopped dead in her tracks, but it was too late, the door to her room was open, and she was in direct line of sight
of Chris in the hallway. He turned to lookat her, his face completely pale, as Natalie heard glass shattering. She was completely in shock, Chris was looking at them simultaneously. Staring wide eyed in the corner of the room she heard him say
"What in the........". Natalie ran towards her room but the door suddenly slammed shut. She started banging on the door. "CHRIS DON'T LOOK AT HER, JUST DON'T!" she screamed across the door. But silence. The door opened five
minutes later and she found him unconscious. After taking him to the hospital, they found out that Chris went blind. Doctors could not explain it. And when they asked Chris to describe the last thing he saw, he struggled for words "That.....that
grin......those......those eyes....blackblackeyes........and her head, oh god her head was tilted 90 degrees. I never thought such a beautiful face could be so.....twisted".

She thinks the only reason I can still see is because the overlap happened over the phone, so I wasn't able to feel the full effect, whatever that means. I was surprised that another `overlap'like this hadn't occurred throughout her life. That's when
Natalie told me that "they" said she was harmless, and will not actively try to `overlap'. So then I inquired about the "they" that she just mentioned. "Well, when I was a kid, my great grandparents knew something about this. They were very
hush hush about it, but apparently it had happened in the family once before." So it was clear then, we needed to go see her great grandmother, who was the only one left that could provide us with any answers.

Natalie called her mom and was told that they hadn't been in contact with their great grandmother for the past two years. Ever since her husband died, she became depressed and asked not to be contacted and broke off all ties. She lived out in
the country by herself, secluded from the rest of the world. It was going to be a three hour drive, so we decided to attempt to get some rest before our drive the next day. We barely got a few hours of sleep in. My wife woke me up this morning,
telling me "breakfast's ready" as she walked downstairs. I noticed both of us must have missed our alarms since it was 11:00 am already. The first thing I checked when I woke up was the bed, to make sure I wasn't seeing `it'. When I finally
went downstairs, I nearly fell backwards when I saw my wife, sipping from a glass of orange juice, facing the kitchen entrance. "Jeeeez don't do that!!!!" I snapped. She came rushing towards me "Sorry......" she mumbled. I walked over and
gave her a hug "It's alright, we are both on edge, we'll workthrough this". After a breakfast that neither of us had the appetite for, we hit the road to find some answers. As we were driving, my wife held my hand, and I felt safe once again. It
was a strange sense of security, because even after the crazy events, it was bright and sunny outside, and I was peacefully driving away with my wife. She smiled at me, I smiled back, looking at her beautiful green eyes, while fighting
internally to take the image of the twisted `entity'off my mind. We remained quiet for most of our journey until we finally reached the house. The house was located deep off of a small highway, on a narrow dirt road. There was an old van
parked, but it didn't looklike it had been driven for weeks. The house also looked like it had been abandoned for a while. My wife reached out and I held her hand "Let's hope for the best and see what we find...." I said. But before I could open
the door, my cell phone rang. The moment the first ringing sound broke the quiet air, my wife clutched my hand just a bit tighter. She was on edge, I could tell. I looked over at her and she was smiling ever so slightly. I pulled out my phone and
looked at the caller ID, it read "Natalie". The grip of the hand that I was holding started getting tighter and tighter. I suddenly got the feeling I was not with my wife at all. Call it a gut feeling. I picked up the phone as I realized the person in my
peripheral vision was changing their expression. The breathing also got heavier as I heard the neckstarting to turn. With what little bravery I had left, I turned away, not daring to see that twisted face. "ITS NOT ME!!!" Natalie yelled from the
phone. The instant her voice reached my ear, I felt the glass shattering sound and a burning pain on my hand that lasted for a split second. I recoiled in pain, responding "I know....I thinkit's gone now". I looked over to see and sure enough she
wasn't there anymore. I breathed "Don't hang up....... and drive over here, we need to see this thing through".

On her drive over, she explained how when she woke up, she was seemingly stuffed under the bed, as if someone knocked her out and slid her under the bed. When she woke up and realized that I wasn't there, she knew something was up and
called immediately. At this point I was freaking out, a lot. So many questions rushed to mind. It TALKED?? It acted just like my wife? How was it holding my hand? How in the world did it get out of the house? Most importantly, how do I tell it
apart from my wife? That's when I remembered the stinging pain and looked at my hand. There was a very clear "lucky" burned into my hand. While I waited for my wife to drive over, I started thinking, the entity said "breakfast's ready" and
"sorry". And why in the world was it sipping orange juice? Is it evolving? Is it learning how to fool me?

I wondered for a long time what all this meant until my wife finally arrived at 5:00 pm. It was getting dark, and I wanted to go find a motel and come backtomorrow. But my wife insisted that we at least checkto see if someone even lives in the
abandoned house. Before she got out of the car though, she tookthe cigarette lighter from her car and burned it on her hand. I got very upset when she did that, but she said it might help me tell them apart? At this point, any idea of rationalizing
this fear sounded great. We went and knocked on the door as the doorbell seemed broken. "Did you hear that?" my wife looked at me terrified. "Hear what?" I wondered. "The scream, it sounds like someone is in pain...." My instinct was to
backout, I really wished I had. But before I could do anything my wife was opening the door leading me in. I held her hand, while keeping one foot in the door. I was all too familiar with the classic `door slams behind you in a creepy house'to
walkin completely. Inside, everything was dusty and full of webs. It was also unnervingly dark. As my eyes adjusted to the dark, I noticed that the house was completely trashed, with strange symbols scratched into the walls and on the broken
furniture in a shade of red. Just then my wife started feeling light headed and began to fall. "I feel.......so dizzy....." she mumbled. I immediately caught her as she passed out. Then, to my horror, as I looked up I saw her in the hallway. I could
barely make out her figure, but her finger was pointed at me, with her head tilted at that unnatural angle. I did not need to stand there until I saw the rest of her creepy figure, I immediately turned around while dragging my wife with me. The
door behind us slammed shut! But luckily my foot was in the door. I groaned in pain from the impact and lunged towards the barely open door and crashed outside with my wife. I looked backwishing she was gone, but she was still walking
towards us, very slowly, and deliberately. The next moments are kind of hazy as I was full of adrenaline. I somehow managed to throw my wife in the car and get in. As I looked in my rearview mirror, I saw her, her mouth was now wide
open and she screamed. As I hit the accelerator, I heard what sounded like the windows of the house smashing.

I drove half an hour to a small motel to rent a room for the night. At this point, my wife is asleep, and I have not slept at all. I dare not lookaway from her. And what does the message on my hand mean? Is it toying with me, telling me I'm
lucky my wife called to save me? Should I go into the house again with someone else?

Part 3 - Her green eyes...

When my wife woke up, we had a long discussion on what our next step should be. While we were talking, I casually glanced at her wrist and noticed the burn markwas still there. She saw me looking, and her usual radiant green eyes became
dull "It is me........I wish I could tell you to not be afraid of me......but I don't trust myself anymore...." Tears started running down her face as I gave her a hug and comforted her, without responding. She was right, I was starting to doubt the
one person I trusted to protect me in any situation. Though I tooksome solace in the fact that she was still the one who saved me twice from the twisted entity. Besides doubting ourselves, we did come up with a few theories that seemed to make
sense in light of recent events. First, it seems that the entity is unable to appear in my wife's presence, proven by the fact that the moment she passed out, I was able to see it. Second, the entity is either evolving since it was able to speakand
move out of the house, or there might be multiple entities as some of you suggested. Third, technology could potentially be a weakness for this thing as the phone call has saved me twice now. Finally, there is something very wrong with that
house and the entity definitely doesn't want us there. The house is something that has to be explored. But it's too dangerous to just go backwithout any further knowledge. So we decided to talkto the only other person in Natalie's life who had
experienced the `overlap', her high school friend Chris.

After making some phone calls, we found out that Chris lived in a nearby town and had become a support group speaker for the visually impaired. It turned out he was actually speaking at 11:00 am, and we still had enough time to be able to
make it. We got to the small community hall just in time as they closed the doors. Most of Chris's speech was very uplifting and full of emotion, talking about all that he had achieved in life. He ended his speech by saying "The day that I lost my
vision, was the day that I truly stopped living in fear!" We stuckaround after and when the hall had emptied, approached Chris, who was standing next to his wife, whom he had introduced earlier during his speech. I didn't know how to even
begin to askhim about his vision loss, but before I could say anything, he pointed to me "Ah, so the overlap happened? She said you would come......". He then went on to tell us that ever since the incident, Natalie's great grandmother had been
in close touch with Chris. She felt very guilty about what happened, and was determined to find as much as she could. She also insisted that it was only a matter of time before the overlap happened again around Natalie and she wanted to find a
way to stop it. When we told Chris about the condition of the house and about the symbols that I saw, he became very serious. "Then she tried to do it, she tried to bind what holds the `sisters'together to her house. I'm afraid she may not have
survived that...." he said quietly. I was really confused at this point. "Did you just say `sisters'?" I asked. Chris then told us to follow him home as there was a lot we needed to discuss.

While Chris's wife cooked us lunch, he told us about the day he lost his vision. "So I never told this to anyone except your great grandmother, but that day that I lost my vision, before I passed out, I'm pretty certain I saw a second entity behind
the one that I was staring at in disbelief. And as I drifted into unconsciousness, I heard a whisper: `feed'". He went on to explain that Natalie's great grandmother called the entity `sisters'since she was certain there was more than one of them.
Additionally, she believed that they feed off of our fears, and not just fear, but the greater the fear, the more attracted the entity becomes. This made sense, seeing as I've been afraid most of my life, and now I am at the peakof my fear since
the one that I saw as my protector has become the subject of my fear. After years of research into ancient lore, demonology, mythology and family history, Natalie's great grandmother found a way to pin the `sisters'. That has to be why there
were strange symbols in the house and why the `sisters'didn't want us going near the house, she must have found a way to bind them there. However, seeing as the entity still appeared and drove with me in the car, that means they are still able
to move freely, but they might have a vulnerability in that house. All of this was progress, yet the thought of not knowing how to deal with these `sisters'was quite troubling. "Lunch is ready!" called out Chris's wife as we made our way to the
kitchen to enjoy a much needed meal. Chris wanted to end this as much as we did, so he insisted that we spend the night with him for our safety. Considering I had not gotten any sleep lately, I welcomed the idea. We all stayed in the living
room, and Chris's wife and I tookshifts staying up to make sure nothing happened.

I woke up at 3:00 am, feeling thirsty yet again. I laughed at myself as I thought maybe I have a medical condition of waking up thirsty in the middle of the night. I looked over at Chris's wife since it was her shift to be on watch. Sure enough, she
was awake and looking over at me with a gentle smile. I whispered "water?" as she pointed to the kitchen. I walked over, half in fear of seeing the entity again. The kitchen was thankfully empty, as I went to lookfor water in the fridge. Darn, no
cold water in the fridge. I figured they might have some bottled water in the pantry. When I opened the pantry, I saw that it was very spacious and dark. I went to turn on the light and saw something very unexpected and horrific. In the corner
lay Chris's wife, tied up, seemingly unconscious. THEN IT ALL HIT ME! "Lunch is ready!". Those were the only words spoken by Chris's wife that day. I was so caught up in figuring out what was chasing us that I missed that fact completely.
I rushed backto the living room to find my wife missing and Chris sound asleep. What ensued after is beyond bizarre.

I woke up Chris and called the cops immediately. I knew they must have taken her to the house. I didn't have time to tell them my wife was missing so I rushed out the door and headed for the house. Yes, I know this was very stupid, but we do
stupid things when our loved ones are in danger. That's just human nature. During the drive I kept asking myself, how did I miss that? Why is the entity evolving so fast? It tookanother form? Is it because I was not supposed to survive an overlap?
Much less twice? Is it hunting me down? But why take my wife? I'm the one they want. I finally reached the house. It was now 6:00 am in the morning. Before I could step outside my car, my phone rang. It was Natalie. "HELLO!! HONEY
ARE YOU OKAY!!! WHERE ARE YOU???" I yelled as I picked up. "I'm.......I'm so confused......I thought we slept at Chris's house? I'm home. I'm home......please just come back." Now I was really confused. Is that still my wife on the
phone? "Honey, your wrist......" before I could finish she replied "yes there is a burn markon my wrist." So I decided to drive back. As I started reversing, I saw it. Standing in the window of that decrepit house, sipping water from a glass.
Smiling at me, with eyes shining greener than usual. I left for home, frustrated and not understanding any of what was going on. On my drive backI wondered, it knew I was going to go backto the house to lookfor my wife. It wanted me to
see. But why? When I got home, Natalie came running and gave me a hug. I felt cold hearted for doing this but I immediately pulled out her wrist to find the burn markon it. She looked up at me in disappointment "It is me........". As I finally
looked into her eyes, my heart stopped. Her eyes......they were darkblack. The iris of her eye was no longer the beautiful green that I had come to find comfort in. They were a deep black.

Natalie has been crying a lot ever since she looked in the mirror and I am still processing all of what just happened. It's been a complete day since her eyes changed color and there have been no more sightings of the entity. Life is seemingly
normal, not perfect anymore but normal. Natalie is still herself, but seems to be a lot more of a serious person now. I spoke with Chris on the phone and he told me that him and his wife are doing okay and have not seen the entity since. At this
point, I am writing this update and I'm not sure if I should go backto the house and investigate. I can't help but thinkit wanted me to see its eyes that day at the house. It wanted me to know what it tookfrom me. I don't even know if destroying
the `sisters'will bring backNatalie's beautiful green eyes. With that said, I am keeping a close eye on her.

Part 4 - There is something even stranger going on with my wife...

Just when I thought maybe I had found peace, just maybe I could move on with everything, things got weirder. So Natalie's eyes remained black. After a couple of weeks of pretending that things were okay, I tried talking to her about the whole
situation. But she would always find a way to skirt around the conversation. Things have never really been the same. We eat dinner in silence. I wake up at night and find her staring at the ceiling. But enough was enough, I couldn't continue to
live on like this, I needed to find a way to fix things. And the only way I knew how was to go backto that disturbing house. I sat down with Natalie and we had a long conversation about everything that had happened, and she reluctantly agreed
that we needed to go backto the house. Whatever these `sisters'were, we needed to confront them.

So before we headed to the house, we came up with a plan. A lot of you guys suggested that mirrors might help, so I made sure to bring a mirror with me. I mean at this point, why not? Additionally, knowing how darkit was inside the house last
time, I bought some night vision goggles. Now the question about whether Natalie would accompany me on the trip or not. Considering that she has been my savior every time, we decided it was best that she went with me. However, I was not
going to let her enter the house under any circumstance. I have also taken your suggestion on making sure that it is her. Even though Natalie has been significantly quieter than before, I make it a point to askher numerous questions and expect
answers to make sure it's her. I can see the sadness in her eyes, how she knows that I have lost the complete trust I used to have in her. But she complies, and responds to my questions, knowing it's the only way I can keep a straight head in this
entire situation.

We arrived at the house at 11:00 am in broad daylight, not that it made a difference since the house was darkas ever inside. Since it was a pretty remote area, I didn't feel bad hooking up a chain to the front door and pulling it off with my truck.
I wasn't letting any door close on me this time. I had Natalie stand about 10 feet away from the door frame, so that she could still see me as I walked in. My theory was that these `sisters'seem to be unable to face her, so as long as I maintained
a good line of sight with Natalie, I halfheartedly hoped they wouldn't appear. With my night vision goggles activated, I stepped into the house with Natalie nervously calling out from behind "Be careful honey......" Even though so much had
happened, I still found a sense of comfort in her voice. "It will be alright, I promise, we will fix this...." I called back. The air was heavy inside the house, and I found it slightly hard to breath, but nevertheless, I had planned for this trip for quite
a few days and I wasn't about to backout. I saw the symbols again on the walls and I pulled out my phone and tooksome pictures. Everything in the house was trashed and dusty except a small cupboard on the wall across the living room. So
far I had been walking in a straight line, maintaining vision with Natalie. But this cupboard seemed odd, it had too many symbols around it, and it was the only object in the house that seemed to be untouched. There had been no sign of the
`sisters'. "I'm going to checksomething out really quickly, I will be right backokay" I called out to Natalie who shookher head "O....Okay......please just hurry, I want to leave already...." I sprinted across the room, and looked through the
drawers. All were empty except the last one, which had a small pocket sized leather bound diary. I immediately put it in my pocket and started to head back. Just then, I turned around to find the smiling face of my wife, with a glass of water in
her hand and eyes that looked greener than ever. Honestly for a moment I admired her beautiful green eyes, only to immediately snap out of it and realize this was the entity I was facing. I slowly began to walkpast it in an arc. Just as I had
passed her "Is everything okay in there??" Natalie yelled from outside. The moment the sound of her voice reached me, I heard a glass shatter behind me. I knew what was going on, and in that adrenaline filled moment, I said screw it, I'm
going to give this a shot. I pulled out the mirror, turned around and held it in front of its face. Now I could see her through my night vision goggles, head tilted, grinning. It let out a scream and shattered the mirror in my hand. I slowly began to
backup towards Natalie's line of sight, eyes closed shut. Just when I thought I was almost there, I bumped into someone. Then I felt a hand on my shoulder, and a face right next to mine. "You came backto us!" it whispered in my ear. The most
disturbing part wasn't that my eyes were closed, it was the fact that it sounded like five people saying it at exactly the same time, with some deep and some higher pitched voices. Then I felt another hand as I was swung around to the ground
with a force I could not comprehend. As I fell, I crawled towards what little light was coming through the door. I barely got far enough to see Natalie screaming outside and running towards the house. "STOP, NATALIE STOP, DON'T COME
IN!" I yelled as she halted a couple feet from the door. "No no no........ not you too.....they can't have you too......they said they wouldn't" At the time I didn't really pay attention to what she said, I felt a hand holding my foot, knowing they
were trying to drag me out of her vision. I noticed my phone had fallen out. At this point I became very dizzy and I reached to unlockmy phone. Even though it was dark, Natalie's face lit up on my phone screen background. Her beautiful
green eyes radiant as ever. I gave her once last lookas I began to pass out. But right before I passed out, I felt the hand on my foot release.

I woke up at the hospital. As my blurry vision became clear, Natalie jumped at me and gave me a hug "Oh thankgod you are okay!! Can you see? Lookat me, can you see?" As she moved back, the first thing I noticed were her green eyes.
They were just as radiant as they used to be. "Your eyes......" I mumbled. Natalie let out a scream of joy when she realized I could see "YES!! Yes honey my eyes are okay, I feel like myself now! Everything is okay!" I had so many
questions in that instance but the doctor insisted that I rest. The next morning, while the doctors were completing all the paper workfor my discharge, I spoke to Natalie about what happened at the house. She explained that as I was falling
unconscious, she ran into the house only to see that the `sisters'were staring at my phone screen. The instant Natalie saw them, they looked up at her. After a brief stare they disappeared. She also told me that as she was pulling me out of the
house, it started crumbling and collapsed to the ground as we barely made it out. Really? I thought to myself. Was it that simple? Then I remembered about the pictures I had taken in the house and I reached for my phone to lookat them. "What
are you looking for love?" Natalie asked as she saw me desperately going through my photos. "I tooksome pictures in the house.......but I can't find them..." I replied as I wondered what happened to them. "Hmmm I don't remember you
taking any pictures....." she grabbed my phone and slid it in her purse "but we will worry about that later, I am just so glad you are okay!" and she gave me a hug. She was acting a little strange. Did she delete the pictures from my phone? I
noticed my jacket hanging on the door, the same one I had worn when I went inside the house. I walked over to put it on "It's chilly in here!" I smiled at Natalie. Just then the doctor called for her to sign some papers and as she turned away I
immediately felt my inside pocket. I could feel the small leather diary. Ever since we've been home, Natalie has constantly been by my side, quite literally. The only time I was not with her was when I went to use the bathroom. I pulled out
the diary and looked at the first page "Here in lies what little knowledge we have gained over generations since the birth of the `sisters'". I was about to flip the page when Natalie started banging on the door "Are you okay in there!!!" "Yes I'm
fine honey, be out in a bit!" I yelled back. Somethings not right, she won't leave me alone for one bit. Not to mention what she said before I passed out, she knows something and won't tell me. But I don't want to confront her just yet.

I went to worktoday and tried to read the diary whenever I got the chance but I had a busy day. The story is quite long but I am getting close to finishing it. Earlier today, I left worka couple hours early and drove over to the supposedly
demolished house. What I saw disturbed me. The house was burnt to the ground as if someone had deliberately set fire to it. Why would Natalie lie to me? Did she set this house on fire? I am also starting to doubt a lot of what she has said
recently.

Natalie keeps calling for me to come to bed and I am in my study writing this update. I keep lying, saying I'm writing something for work. I also told her I have to go into worktomorrow morning for a few hours to make up for the time I was in
the hospital. She bought it and I'll be going over to a coffee shop instead to finish reading the contents of the diary.

Part 5 - I finally understand.

When I finished my previous post, I went to bed, ready to go to the local Starbucks the next morning to finish reading the diary. Surprisingly I actually fell asleep, all the while Natalie holding my hand and telling me everything was alright. I
woke up at 3:00 am again, feeling thirsty. By now, I've realized that this is not really normal but then again, nothing has really been normal. I decided to go down to the kitchen and get a drinkof water anyway. As I tried to slip out my hand from
Natalie's she instantly woke up "What's wrong honey?" she inquired. Her eyes were not sleepy, it was as if she wasn't really sleeping at all. "Oh nothing love, I just need to get a drinkof water" I replied. Before I even got out of bed she was out
of bed and ready to go down with me. She held my hand and walked me down to the kitchen as I got a glass of water. She was being over protective, too protective. Mind you, there wasn't anything really wrong with her, she was herself, but I
couldn't help but feel that she was making sure I never see the entity again, which is why every chance she got she tried to be around me. We went backto bed, and I fell asleep knowing that Natalie was probably not going to sleep at all.

In the morning, she asked me several questions about why I was going to work. I made up some decent excuses. "Sweetheart, I will be fine. I thought you said it was over? They are gone." I told her. "Yes, of course. I just wanted to make sure.
I just want to spend as much time with you as I can, after all that's happened" she said with almost a sad lookon her face. I arrived at the Starbucks, ordered some coffee and without further delay pulled out the diary and began reading. Before
I tell you about the contents of the diary, I want to make some observations regarding the diary itself. It was very old, leather bound, almost falling apart. It had several different types of hand writing throughout, suggesting that it had been
passed down and multiple people had taken notes in it. The notes within the diary were scattered, and I have tried my best to piece everything together.

The diary began by telling the story of two sisters, who were both born a year apart. The first was Madeline, born on March 11, 1800. A beautiful girl with bright green eyes, she was the first child to her parents. The second daughter was born
on March 11, 1801. This seemed a little odd to the parents, but they didn't give it too much thought. Since their second daughter also had green eyes like her older sister Madeline, they named her Caroline. As they grew older, the parents
realized that both Madeline and Caroline were identical. And not just identical twins, they looked exactly the same. It was only later that the parents realized, not only were the daughters born on the same day, they were both born at exactly
3:00 am. Initially they went and saw several different doctors but none of them could explain this strange phenomenon. All they could conclude was that this was a strange anomaly. Eventually, the entire family just accepted the strange
phenomenon and continued on with their lives. Of the two sisters, Caroline, the younger one was very lively and energetic. She had a way with words and all the townspeople were very fond of her. Madeline, the older sister was quiet natured.
She didn't speaktoo much, and over the years had come to envy her sister Caroline. Caroline would sometimes pretend to be Madeline to confuse people. For the most part, the sisters were like any other siblings with usual conflict every now
and then.

Now this next part of their story takes a darkturn. It turns out that both Madeline and Caroline fell in love with the same man. Thomas was a very wealthy business man, and they both got to know him because he worked closely with their father.
Seemingly, Caroline admired Thomas's wealth more than anything, whereas Madeline was in love with Thomas. Thomas chose to marry Caroline, not knowing that her affection wasn't real. Being the quite one, Madeline didn't say anything.
On their wedding day however, when Madeline saw Caroline getting ready to put on her wedding dress, she couldn't contain her anger and frustration and confronted her little sister. In a heated argument, she accidentally pushed Caroline down
the stairs, causing her to die. What happened next was even more bizarre. In a state of shockand emotional distress, Madeline hid her younger sister in the closet, put on Caroline's wedding dress and proceeded with the ceremony. Madeline got
married to the love of her life, and proceeded to move forward with her life as if nothing had happened. A few days later, Caroline's body was discovered. The reason they knew it was Caroline is because the parents had secretly marked both
sisters with two distinct burn marks on their backs. Once word got out, Thomas left Madeline in utter disgust. Madeline realized that her life was now ruined, realized what she had done and hung herself. Now I realize that Caroline was always
the one who smiled, the one who talks and the one who can imitate people. Madeline, on the other hand, is the twisted form of the entity.

So at this point, I asked myself, so that's it? They are ghosts haunting the family? Well not quite, the diary continued to explain what happened next. A generation later, the family was blessed with another beautiful baby girl named Laura. As
Laura grew up, the rest of the family couldn't help but notice that she looked exactly like Madeline and Caroline. Slowly, the family started seeing the entity and strange things began to happen. Now the writer in the diary claims that they do not
completely understand the origin of the `overlap', however, they do know that it happens when the child experienced immense emotion.

Now I won't give you each and every detail from the diary as the notes were quite extensive. The diary gave several accounts of different 'daughters' being born in the family every once in a while that follow this same pattern. They looklike
Madeline and Caroline and things around them become strange. Over the course of the notes, the diary writers'understanding of the entity increased. All cases ended with the sisters taking complete possession of the 'daughter' or anomaly child
and disappearing. Over the years, the family figured out that the original burn marks used by the parents to markthe two sisters could shield items from the sisters. However, this did not workwhen the marks were applied on people. The notes
went backand forth on what exactly the sisters were, until I arrived to the last few pages of the diary, which were written by Natalie's great grandmother, at least that was my guess. Turns out, she was a neurologist. She theorized that the sisters
were a part of the anomaly child. This is why no one ever found a way to end the sisters, they reside within the mind of the anomaly child. This meant that part of Natalie was the two sisters. Natalie's great grandmother continued by saying
Natalie is not to blame, the sisters are able to communicate with her subconsciously. Therefore she knows that they exist, but is not completely aware of what happens around her. To my horror, I turned to the next page hoping for a solution.
The final words in the diary read "It's her, they are a part of her. In every past case, the final stage was complete control of the anomaly child's body by the entity. After which the immediate people around the anomaly child would die, and the
anomaly child would disappear. The sisters are entities that feed off of immense emotion. Unfortunately we have tried, but killing the anomaly child does not end the cycle. They will be coming for me next as they have seen the diary in my
possession. I am hiding this diary under with the prescribed markings. To whoever finds this next, I am sorry......."

Now I wrote that last paragraph without telling you how shocked I was. Was this it? There was no solution? Is that why Natalie has been staying so close to me? Does she realize that she will eventually be lost to the sisters? How did she save me
that day at the house? Did she actually interact with the entity? I closed the diary, my heart racing. I cannot lose Natalie, she is my world. She is everything to me. As I looked up I realized it was almost dark, I had spent nearly the whole day
reading this diary. As I drove backhome, I didn't know what to do. I did decide that I needed to confront Natalie and tell her about the diary, even though that probably didn't sound like the best idea. But what other choice did I have? When I got
backhome, Natalie rushed into my arms and I apologized for being so late. We had a nice dinner together and afterwards she asked me if we could lookat the stars for a little while. Considering all the weird things that had happened lately, I
gladly agreed to finally do something normal with Natalie. "Remember, how we used to climb out to the roof of the engineering building on campus and stare at the stars?" she asked, turning towards me. "Yea, and I still stand by what I said
then. I don't really need to lookat the stars when I can lookinto your beautiful love" I responded. "I love you. So much. Always know that" she said and started crying. I held her as I couldn't help but thinkshe knew what was going on. That
night I went to bed, fully intending to confront her the next morning.

I woke up at 2:45 am to Natalie quietly kissing my forehead. I pretended to stay asleep as I heard her walkdownstairs. I quietly got up and followed her down. Then I saw her, holding a suite case and walking towards the front door. "Natalie?
Honey, what's going on?" I called out. She turned, eyes full of tears "I have to go. I'm so sorry. I have to go. Please...." I wasn't letting her go, I had gone through too much for her sake. "Natalie, I know everything........." I started but she kept
glancing at the watch. "No you don't! I asked them to! I told them to take me but leave you alone" she screamed. Now I was really worried "Natalie what did you do? How did you get me out of that house? Natalie, I need you to be honest with
me....For once honey, trust me......" She collapsed to the floor "I begged them..... I begged them to leave you alone and take me. I have been fighting them for so long. I have been fighting to keep them away for so long. Half the time I don't
even know who's in control. They agreed. They will leave you alone only if I stop fighting them. But it's too late now. I am no longer fighting them in my mind. I have given them control of my body. Run. Run. Run" as she said her last words I
began to notice the strange inflections in her voice. "RUN!" she screamed as she looked up, her eyes pitch black, her head starting to tilt, a grin slowly forming on her face. The clockbehind her read 3:00 am.

What ensued was probably the craziest thing I have ever done. But in hindsight, these last couple of months have made me a lot braver than I ever was. As she stood up, I rushed towards her and gave her a hug. "I know you're in there love. I
know you have been protecting me all this time. You have always been my savior. Now it's time for me to save you. Now it's time I protect you. Come backto me Natalie, come backto me. You are stronger than they are. Fight back. Fight back
for me. Fight backfor us. I love you. I cannot live without you." I held her, eyes shut close. "Remember the stars, remember how we stared at them last night. Remember how we stared at them all those years ago. I still thinkyour eyes shine
brighter than any of the stars in the sky." In that adrenaline filled moment, I kept talking on about our most cherish memories until I felt tears falling down my shoulder. I finally had the guts to pull away from her to see that she had returned to
being my Natalie. Eyes shining bright green, full of tears. "I'm so sorry............" she said as I held her for a long time.

After everything that has happened, I have realized that I was so afraid of the world. I've always feared monsters that exist in my imagination and the only person I saw that could shelter me was Natalie. Little did I know that all along she was
fighting against something much more scary. She needs me more than ever, and I have finally come to see that. I have realized that I have to fight for the one I care for so deeply. I believe that in the moment that Natalie gave the sisters control
over her body, they became vulnerable. Somehow, they seem to be trapped inside Natalie. Life is not going to be normal anymore, but I don't care. As long as I have Natalie, everything will be alright. It has been a weeksince and things are
starting to normalize. Still, sometimes at night I wake up and when I turn to lookat Natalie, I see those pitch blackeyes. But I hold Natalie's hand, and in the blinkof an eye, her green eyes return, brighter than ever.

                                                     The past six years I've been working at a McDonald's. Last night was the worst I've ever had.

                                                                                                                         by Whiperoo

                                                                                                             Runner Up - April Monthly Contest


Part 1

I'm going to get straight to the point here; I've seen some shit at workthat I don't thinkwas of this earth.

The first thing I thinkI should do is introduce myself. I'm Bill, a twenty year old McDonald's Manager, working out of a small suburb in rural Sydney, Australia. I've been working here for roughly six years now, a manager for almost two.
They've been uneventful, boring years. The monotony of the job has the phrase 'Hi, may I take your order please' robotic in nature, and order taking itself has gotten to the point that by the time the car has driven from the initial order point to
my window, I have no recollection of the details of the order. It's in the drive-thru that my ordeal takes place, as a matter of fact. I've yet to go to the US, so I can't compare drive-thrus, though from what I've heard, it's a single lane that
stretches around the outside of a building, with an order-point, a cashier and a third point where the food is actually handed out. This is the basic structure that ours conforms to, however, where it differs from most is that there are two lanes,
rather than one, at the order-taking point. Essentially, provided there are two staff available to take orders, we can take twice as many orders in the same amount of time. This system is far more cumbersome and slow for some customers,
however; unless the actual sensors are calibrated correctly, as well as working security cameras, some cars are simply ignored by the system while other customers in the other lane are served first.

So, mini-explanation over, I'll elaborate as to the creepy shit that occurred just last night.

As I've already stated, I manage the night shift on Friday and Saturday nights; what this involves is myself and another crew member catering to the whole store's needs from 10pm til 5am, from serving in the drive-thru, to food production to
even serving on the counter once it re-opens at 5am. Provided the crew member I'm provided is experienced, the night shifts tend to go off without a hitch. Last night, however, is where trouble started.

The first thing that initially went wrong was the failure of my crew-person to show up. 10:30 is the offical start time of crew people, managers typically half an hour before as to ensure that the previous crew have done their jobs and left the
store in an acceptable condition. When it crept around to 11pm and my crew member hadn't yet turned up, I sighed inwardly, picked up the phone and dialled his number. I was counting on him to show up; an issue with the rosters had caused
all my other crew to finish at 11pm, instead of one or two at Midnight.

Ring... Ring... Nothing, there was no answer.

Resigning myself to a long and lonesome night (even the longest shifts are brightened by someone else being in the store) I started to turn around and prep the store, when I was startled out of my wits by the phone ringing again. I eagerly
picked it up, answering with the standard " ______ McDonald's, William speaking..."

I gave a few seconds, hoping to hear the voice of the crew member that hadn't arrived, apologising for their tardiness. A few more seconds of silence, then suddenly

Click.

The phone went dead.

Now when I say dead, I mean dead. The handset died, as did the dial. I couldn't even get a tone out of the thing. I grabbed my mobile, intending to call the head manager and warn them about the dead phone and truant crew member.

No signal. This night was only going to get better.

Annoyed by the circumstances, plus the fact that I would probably be blamed for the broken phone and missing member, I bid farewell to the last closer off at 11pm and shut the front doors. The way our McDonald's worked is this; a dual lane
drive thru, open twenty four hours, with a front counter only open from five am til midnight. For small term shifts, like weekday overnights, a sole manager is typically allowed to run the store by himself if the secondary staff member can't
make their shift or there's a conflict of rosters. For the next five hours until the cafe crew arrived at 4am in time for the breakfast rush, I would be alone.

Decidedly going about my workwith a monotony that would be more suited to paint drying than a shift manager, I spent the first two or three hours relatively at ease. I was lucky in the fact that the five or six cars that came through were drunk
and understanding, only after sundaes or frozen drinks. I had just finished my bun stockand stockcheckfor the next morning when I ducked outside in the corral, where the spare bun trays and dumpsters were kept for a cigarette. Just as I'd
brought the lighter to my lips

Beep.

Beep.

My headset beeped twice, indicating a car entering and waiting to order in the second lane. I cursed my bad luck; first an absence, then a broken phone, now this?! I ducked inside and headed to the order taker box.

"Hi, may I take your or-"

I stopped mid sentence as I glanced up at the security feed and saw...

Nothing.

There was no car in either lane.

I looked further up at the sensor that told us what car was at what window, with a resounding negative to the concept that there was a car in the drive thru.

Both screens showed up blank, both said no cars available. I shrugged and moved out of the box, writing up the issue to outdated tech and computer error, when it happened again.

Beep

Beep.

Knowing that I had definitely heard it this time, I jumped backinto the box, not even looking up when I uttered the famous phrase

"Hi may I take your order please?"

Silence.

Again, suspecting another computer error, I looked up. What I saw made me start.

There was a woman standing in the second lane, the one furthest away from the building. She had her backto the security camera, and was standing half facing the speaker box, half away. Dressed in what appeared to be a short white dress, I
assumed she had just come from the bar down the road; we get a lot of walk-throughs who we can't serve due to store policy. While the sensor that indicated a car presence still did not show any signs, the beeper was based on motion detection.

Assuming it was just a drunkcustomer, I gathered myself and spoke through the speaker;

"Im sorry Madam, but we can't serve customers on foot through the drive thru due to health and safety hazards. You have to be in a car in order to place an order."

Silence.

The woman just stood there, backto the camera.

At this point I was starting to get annoyed; the last thing I needed was a customer just fucking with my night and drive-thru lane. As I readied to repeat myself, I stopped, my hand halfway to the button that would allow me to speakto her.

She was crying.

At least, I thinkshe was. She still stood with her backto me, but her shoulders were ...shaking? No, that's not the right word for it. Her shoulders were rolling backand forth, as if they were pistons rolling in their sockets. Her long hair, which fell
down the small of her back, shookbackand forth.

With the exception of her shoulders, she stood remarkably still. While odd, I've seen some crazies come and go. I chalked it up to an alcoholic bender, so I repeated myself.

"I'm sorry Ma'am, but the drive thru is for vehicles only. We can't take your order at this time."

I switched my microphone off and waited for a response. When I realised nothing was forthcoming, I sighed and left the box. An approaching car would no doubt make her move.

Now, there's one feature of the drive thru I haven't yet highlighted, and it's to do with the speaker box. When a car pulls up, not only does the beeping occur, but the receiver inside the speaker box activates; as a result, I can always hear
whatever a car is saying, but unless I activate the microphone, they won't hear me. It essentially acts as a one way radio.

Now, when this woman at three in the morning came through to my window, and I asked her to move, she hadn't made a sound. After my aforementioned second attempt at moving her, and my resulting giving up, my microphone was
switched off, but I could still hear her. Seeing as she had remained silent, I went about my business, writing up a memo for the head manager as to the stocklevels, when I heard it.

Snap.

The crackof static had scared me out of my wits. I looked up at the security feed.

She was still there, except this time... This time she was bent towards the order box. As I reached up to askher to leave, a cold chill went down my back. Through the soft static in my headset, I could hear...

Whispering.

Her lankhair fell about her face in curls. The bedraggled white gown she wore was stained and cut in several places. But her mouth, her mouth wasn't moving. There she was, facing the camera, while this whispering crept through my thoughts.
It was soft, unintelligible, but the sound of it made me want to scream and run. Gathering myself, I want to say I spoke with authority but it probably came out shakier than a Campbelltown train.

"M-ma'am? Are you okay?"

The whispering continued, though now I could hear the words. And that was the worst part. It wasn't a demonic muttering or death threats; It might even be easier that way. It was simply a voice, my voice, repeated over and over and over
again.

It kept varying in pitch, starting in a little girls voice and ending in a deep baritone; as if whatever the voice belonged to couldn't decide what it was or what it wanted to replicate. Repeating the words over and over. "Ma'am are you okay ma'am
are you okay ma'am are you okay ma'am are you ok-" I couldn't help it, I locked myself in the office. Fuckany customers that drove through, fuckany workers showing up. I wasn't leaving for any reason. There's only one problem. Earlier,
when I was taking the drunkcars, we were so busy that I'd left the window closed, but unlocked.

I don't remember the next part; all I remember is the fear that gripped me as time dragged on with broken fingers.

I found the following notes the next day, scribbled in my personal section of the Managers notes diary.

3:15am.

I heard the window slide open. The security feed doesn't cover the hallway between the box and the office.

3:30am.

I can hear footsteps. Agonisingly heavy, dragging every second beat.

I still can't find her on the monitor.

3:45am.

I have five more minutes until the open crew arrive. The footsteps have stopped, if only for one reason. The manager's office has a glass pane in the door: she's standing on the other side. I know. I can hear the whispering. I haven't seen her face. I
don't want to. Why is she here? Please. Leave. Why my voice? It's in my head, twisting in my thoughts. It won't stop. Please. Incessant. Over and over. Okay. Ma'am.
Stoppleasestoppleasestoppleamaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaymaamareyouokaym

3:50am. I can see the openers' cars arriving on the carpark feed. They're outside on the patio. I'm so relieved, this nightmare is over. And by instinct I look up. She's still here. She's smiling.

That's the only recollection I have of the time I spent in the Office. My amnesia was broken by the arrival of the cafe crew, knocking on the door. Apart from a few strange looks, they didn't seem to have any concerns. There was no mention of
any woman, no trace of her presence. The drive-thru order taker window was locked when I approached it.

I don't know what's happened. I don't know who she was. The security tapes just show static between 3 and 4am, with the static stopping with the door being opened by the cafe crew. There are a few short frames of me cowering in the office
around the corner, apparently scared for my life, before unbending and opening the door following their arrival. I can't have anyone know about this; the pages from the manager books have been removed, I can't have anyone thinkI'm crazy
and subsequently jeopardise my job security. As far as I can tell, the other crew just thinkI dozed off for a few minutes in the office, it happens more often than you thinkto overnight crew, one of those things that are overlooked provided
you've finished your jobs and reset the registers.

But as I lookat the roster for next week, my heart can't help but fill with dread as I read the small bar.

Wednesday

William

Overnight

Part 2

During the week, I tookup the issue of the no-show crew member with the head manager. Suffice to say, we didn't exactly talkin calm voices; she was pissed off that I had run the store alone, and I was pissed off because I'd been FORCED to
run the store alone. The woman didn't come up in conversation, on either of our parts; there was no surveillance evidence to say that she was there, and I wasn't exactly going to bring her up without some proof. As much as I was terrified, I
needed this job more than she needed me, so any chance she'd get I'd probably be demoted backto part time crew.

Once I'd extracted the promise from her that the dickwad who hadn't shown up would arrive for his shift on Wednesday night, I left feeling slightly better than before; at least now if she appeared, I'd have someone that could backup my story,
even if the security cameras couldn't.

Anyway, Wednesday night came, and at 10:30pm, half an hour after I'd arrived, the overnighter stuckhis head in the door, an apologetic lookon his face. The excuse was something along the lines of

"Sorry, I was sickand didn't know to I had to call in beforehand". Bullshit. The truth was undoubtedly more along the lines of '"Sorry for the no show, went on a mad bender and decided workwas going to be too hard". There are signs posted up
everywhere that you had to call in at least six hours before your shift, to give the managers enough time to figure out what to do with the gap in the rosters.

I followed up with the typical 'Yeah, don't do it again' and turned backto my pre-overnight checklist. I'd been looking over the roster from last week(something else that I had taken up with the head manager) and it appeared to be what I
thought; it was just an accident that no-one had been rostered on past 11pm. At least tonight I had both a closer and an overnighter, so the shift was running smoothly. I'd pretty much forgotten about the terrifying encounter last week, half due to
the fact I threw myself into my duties and immersed myself in the business. I was being paid to stay awake, the least I could do was finish the shift.

Midnight came and went; I bid farewell to the closer and locked the front doors. Securely. I wasn't taking any chances. Now, it was just me, the overnighter, and the store until five in the morning. Weekday early start crew show up at five, not
four, just because the rush isn't as big as weekends. The nights are typically pretty quiet; hence they are labelled 'Bacteria nights', nights when everything can be scoured with sanitiser and deemed 'clean' by the morning shift. I was cleaning
the HLZ, feeling good about the shift, satisfied with the quality of workthe other employee was putting in. As a result, I barely hesitated when I heard the phone ring. "______ McDonald's, William speaking". Silence. Suddenly, my thoughts shot
backto last week. The phone call. This is how the entire night had started. I persevered though; it can't be all that bad, could it?

It could.

"Hello?", I spoke into the handset.

"Hello?", I heard back.

I was immediately put at rest by the voice on the other end. Last time it had been only silence. At least there was someone on the line.

"Hello?" My stomach dropped.

The voice had changed.

Not slightly, but totally. From masculine to feminine. From bass to falsetto.

It fucking terrified me.

I hung up the phone immediately. My heart was beating out of my chest, sweat poured down my forehead.

Again, just like last time, the phone rang.

This time, when I picked it up, I didn't speak. I wanted to see what would happen, if it would initiate conversation.

Silence.

Then.

Static.

It echoed through the handset, loud enough to make me drop it in shock. As it clattered against the tiled floor, the crew member looked at me, shrugged, and continued to clean the grills. I scrambled for the handset, picking it up, but as I went to
jam it backinto its' stand I heard it.

The whispering.

There was no phrase, no distinguishable voice. Just echo upon echo upon echo, each clamouring for attention. But there was something in it. An irregularity. As if something was being covered by the noise.

As I moved my ear closer, curiosity gaining over my fear, I heard one word through the static.

"Hello".

Thoroughly past the point of rational thought, I smashed the phone into its' cradle. With that final movement, the noise stopped. The voices ceased.

I breathed a deep sigh of relief.

Considerably shaken but still in control, I decided to ignore what had just happened, and go about my duties. Maybe it was a one off? If I was lucky, I was just imagining the calling, or it was someone trying to be funny, some reader from last
weekthinking they'd prankme.

Backin control, I threw myself into work. Time flies when there's a freezer checklist that needs doing!

Unlike the other night, this time we had almost nobody through the drive-thru. The cars we did get, three or four of them, wanted soft drinks, or ice-cream, which we happily obliged, no need to re-clean the grills if no-one orders product. As a
result, when 3am rolled around, I was feeling good again. That's when

Beep

Beep

Fuck. Another car? I ducked out of the office, checked that the crew member was on his breakstill (he was out front on the patio, smoking) and jumped into the order-taker box. I raised my hand and pressed the Mic.

"Hi, may I take your order please?".

Silence. I glanced up at the security feed located above the register.

Nothing.

I sighed, and ducked backout. Another ghost car. Stupid detector. It needed calibrating a-

Beep

Beep

Alright, this is ridiculous. Seriously.

I jumped backinto the box, checking the feed. Yep, this time there was a car there. They were quickand precise; two large frozen cokes. Quickand easy, dream cars at this time. They paid, I raced down to the next window and poured and
handed out their order. It was when they were pulling out of the drive that I glanced backtowards the booth, and I fucking saw something. A silhouette, coming off the light from the order booth.

No. Fucking no. It can't be.

I ran backto the managers office.

I looked up at the feed.

She was back.

The same white, torn dress. The same long, wild hair. She stood in the lane, but unlike last time... This. This time she was bent double almost. Over the box. But she wasn't focused on the speaker this time. This time she was staring at the security
camera. At me.

Her skin was pallid. The hair that fell about it looked wispy, pale. As if I could take a handful out by just tugging. All her other facials were slightly obscured, as if the security camera was blurring her out. But the worst part was the whispering.

It crept through my headset, through my mind. Incessantly repeating itself, a choir of tortured voices crying for the joy of being singularly heard. Over and over.

"Hello"

I couldn't stop watching. The voice wasn't just my own now, it was everyones. Everyone I knew and didn't. Each voice was instantly familiar, but easily forgettable. It was the ambient sound of crowd, a collection of sound bytes that could be
harvested from any busy place, but twisted and manipulated to conform to a singularity.

Snap

The screen blacked for a second, then came backto resemble... A clear lane. She was gone.

I released the counter that up until this point I hadn't realised I'd been crushing to splinters. I exhaled a breath that I didn't realise I was holding. And turned around and moved towards the front counter.

My coworker was still outside, smoking.

But he wasn't alone.

She stood a little further beyond him, out of his view but in mine.

And now I can see why I wrote down that she was smiling.

Her lips were gone. Not smoothly, but torn, jagged, lacking any surgical precision. Her entire upper and lower rows of teeth were exposed in a skeletal parody of a grin. Her... Its'... head was tilted in a way that would call into doubt the solidity
of one's vertebrae. As my crew member stood outside, a walking horror stood beside him.

As I readied myself to scream at him to come inside, it moved. She went from stockstill to a pose, her index finger held mockingly over her lips in a twisted message.

shhhhhh

Even as I watched, she slowly inched backwards, further out of view, until she got past the light of the neon signage; within seconds, she was gone.

Permanently, it seemed. My crew member came in from his break, gave me an odd look, but immediately went backto work. The rest of the shift blurred into a sleep deprived mess of cleaning, filing and writing. I couldn't have been happier
to see the arrival of the morning crew.

I know what you all want. Proof of what happened. But again, I went to checkthe security footage, and again, like last time, it had been glitched for the entire time of its' time at the store. My crew member never saw it, there were no
customers, no scrawled notes. I'm starting to thinkthis might all be brought on by sleep deprivation. I really hope it is.

But there's one thing that's been bothering me since Wednesday night. Every shift, I drive and parkin the customer carpark, much closer to the store than the employee spots are. But every night I workI lockand checkmy car; there's been
some recent robberies in my area, and I don't want to be one of them. Call me over cautious, but I know for certain when I approached my car that morning, I had locked it when I arrived.

It was unlocked in the morning.

Not giving it enough thought in my sleep deprived state, I drove home, but it's been bothering me ever since. Mainly because every time I've looked in the mirror since, my heart pounds and my body jumps. It's only for a split second.

But she's standing by my reflection.

A finger to her lips.

Shhhhhh.

Part 3

I've been trying to muster the strength to write down what's been happening to me, but every time I get close to a laptop screen I simply can't get anything down. I finally put in my request for day shifts, and it's been granted and followed up
on; I now run the 9am-5pm shift, it's far easier and with an apparent lackof crazy women who aim to terrorise my shift.

Last weekmarks the first month I've had of not seeing her. As I said in the last update, every time I saw my reflection in anything, I saw it. She was always just behind me, a finger pressed against her lips in a sickimitation. Shhhhhh is the
message I kept getting, nothing else. I eventually visited the doctor in order to gain something, anything, to help me sleep. After the prescription if some strong knockout medication, I immediately drove home and tooktwo. BAM, out like a light.

And just like that.

Click

I stopped seeing her. It was as if she vanished from my life. Instantaneous and relieving. I don't thinkI've ever welcomed a soft pillow with as much gusto as I have in the last month. The transfer as well was going great; Saturday and Sunday
mornings were busier in all regards, but once the rush period cleared I was essentially free until lunch to only supervise; day crew, while less independent than night crew, there were more of them to get the same jobs done in the least.

I'd been sitting in the office, minding my own business (I was in fact writing an email thanking the store manager for the transfer) when

BANG

All the electronics in the store went out. Now, when I say out, I mean 'cart off and replace' dead. We were lucky in regards we kept the basics; grills, oil vats, KVS screens and food warmers, but the rest of it whoosh. Gone. This circumstance of
events can spell the death of a career; as much as the dealing with customers sucks, the fact that I suddenly might be dealing with an unemployment line at Centrelinkwas even worse. I did the right thing; ran out the front until I got reception,
called the owner of the store, notified him of the event, and then called the head-office helpline; as much as we may hate a head office visit, they are fucking ridiculously quickat responding to events such as ours; considering a loss of face for
a store is a loss of face for the company, their reputation is at stake, as well as the limits on their complaints inbox. As for the customers that we had in line, we explained the situation and that their orders couldn't be taken at this time, and if they
had any complaints, direct them to me. I was lucky; the ones on the counter were understanding; we'd just finished the after school rush, meaning the drive-thru had just emptied, and the counter only had a few people on it. Those three or four
who were on counter paid for their food with exact cash (we had to use calculators, believe it or not) due to a lackof EFTPOS, and got their food in a timely manner; we could still cook, we just couldn't take orders electronically or keep the fries
warm, as all the heating lamps went with the first shock.

Within fifteen minutes of the phone call, the owner arrived with two maintenance men, and went about assessing the damage while I explained the issue. He thanked me for the quickresponse, and acknowledged that he knew it wasn't my fault;
probably a faulty transformer or a failed surge protector. Anyway, the issue was going to take a few hours to solve, so the front and backcrew, with the exception of a choice few who could help run the store in the situation that everything could
start backup, were sent home. As the day turned into evening, however, it seemed that the issue was going to keep the store closed until the overnight roll-over occurred, when the clocks automatically reset for the new shift; this was put in place
in order to stop people cheating the clockand being paid extra for the actual workthey put in. So, on the assurance that the clocks would roll over by 11pm, the start of the night shift, the owner extracted the promise from me that I would be here
for the roll-over, and left on the expectation that we would be ready to serve customers at 11:01pm. While I'd already stayed backfor an extra three or four hours, the pay was too good to ignore; I had crushing phone bills and car insurance
coming up in the next few weeks, so a few more clocked hours would help me to boost my savings.

So, like it or not, everyone, I was in it until 11pm. And before you start rolling your eyes, calling me out for staying back, my reasoning was that the appearances last time hadn't started until well into the night; considering I'd be out the door
before midnight, I thought, even if it was something more than sleep deprivation, then I'd be out before it started.

As the time rolled by, quickened by the store prepping, I couldn't help but notice a faint... presence in the air. It was that feeling one gets when, something is just off. Like the stench of sewage at the local children's park; something that turns an
entire idyllic, joyful scene into a place of mystery and doubt. I wasn't the only person to notice it, either. I could see it in the eyes of the new overnight manager and the crewperson they've been left with. Something didn't feel good about the
whole scene.

Beep.

Beep.

My heart fucking sankat the noise. I didn't even have to lookat the feed to know what I would see; this was no car; there were barricades up in order to prevent cars from driving through while they fixed whatever issue was stopping power from
getting to the speaker boxes. They'd muttered something about blown circuitry, and had estimated a few hours on fixing it. It had surprised all of us, earlier that night, when the box had seemingly activated of its own accord; I had several people
witness to this; the owner was standing next to me when the box came backonline and screeched static, before settling backto it's normal, unassuming self. We'd both laughed off the shockat the event, and chalked it up to just another item that
wouldn't have to be paid for in order to replace.

But still, the barricades had remained up, it was my job to remove them at exactly 11pm, that way we could start fresh at the rollover. So what the fuckwas at the order box?

The cams had been knocked out by the earlier electricity blowout; the only ones working were the bare essential ones inside the store; there's no bigger threat than an employee falling over and suing for damages, so they were literally
everywhere but the corridor outside the managers'office; there was nothing of note there, so there was no need for the camera.

I couldn't tell the other manager to take the order, I couldn't. What would that say about my mental state? How could I explain, logically, that I thought some fucking crazed female was haunting my night shifts and home life?

Instinct called. I grabbed a headset and raised my hand to the speaker.

"Hello?"

"Hey man, when's the store opening back up? I'm starving!"

Seriously? Fucking seriously? I was terrified, out of my mind, and the singular cause of my fear, was a beeping made by a guy who wanted to eat?

"Sorry sir, but we can't serve you at this time, try coming backpast 11pm, we've been having some technical difficulties today."

"Aww man, really? Not even for me?"

Seriously? I was terrified of a guy with the munchies? Wha-

SNAP

The cams above the registers flickered.

A flash of white in the drive-thru lane

What the fuckwas that?

"Ahh... I'm sorry sir, we can't serve you, regardless of who you are"

SNAP

Static, black screen

"But Will... you know me?"

Crackle

"I-It's not up t-to me, sir"

Blue screen

"C'mon, let me in"

What the fuckis happening?!

Suddenly, the feed above me flashed. That fucking smile was plastered all over the screen.

Torn lips, wide teeth. This time, her eyes were in focus.

And they were staring through the screen at me.

Not again. Not fucking again. I wasn't going to acknowledge this... thing. I'd spent a month without it, I needed a lot longer. I said one word through the headset. "Leave".

You're going to hate me, everyone.

I turned around and walked right out of that store. I gave a garbled excuse about not feeling well to the new manager, about how she'd be fine running over nights. To ignore drunkcustomers, and to ignore anyone who just stood at the order box.
But I couldn't spend another night in that place. I had a weekoff from today, anyway, so I wouldn't have to set foot in that store for at least a few days.

I went into the manager's office, grabbed my keys and bag, and strode into the carpark. Well, strode is an understatement. I jogged at least partway through the carparkto my car. I grabbed my car door; locked this time. Thankgod. I was so
ready to be rid of this place; I wasn't going to quit, I just needed some time to myself after all this mess.

I checked my mirror.

Nothing.

I checked my backseat.

Nothing.

I was safe, at least for the time being.

Switching on my ignition, I reversed out and drove the short ten minute trip home. I wish I could say I wasn't scared shitless, but I was. Why now? Why a month off, then this torment? I was going to lose my mind over this nonsense. Get a grip,
I told myself. This has to be somehow related to something. Just breathe, go home, get into bed, and deal with it in the morning.

I clambered out of my car, into the safety of my home. I went straight to the bathroom, checked the mirror.

Nothing.

I showered, got ready for bed; I checked the mirror in my room.

Nothing.

I shut off the light to my room, leaving the lamp on.

Nothing.

I reached up and flicked off the lamp.

And she was standing above my body.

I froze. Numb, shock. What the fuckdid she want? Why was she here? Ever so slowly, the silhouette bent towards my body. The whispering started.

"Lucky"

And like that, she was gone.

I need help, Nosleep. This thing, whatever it is, is ruining my life. But that's just it. It's been just me up until this point. I've been, or at least thinkI've been, the only one tortured by this menace. But that's changed now. I just got a text from the
overnight manager.

Her: Hey Will, have you seen anything... weird on overnights?

Me: ... No, why?

Her: It's just there's a woman here, standing over the box

And she keeps whispering your name.

Part 4

It's been at least six weeks since my last update. Like I said, I've been taking time off work; exams are/were getting closer every day, so I couldn't really afford to take day shifts and miss out on time that could otherwise be used for valuable
studying; law isn't really the dusty old tomes that people make it out to be, it's rather just the trawling through webpages looking for an approach that hasn't been used in regards to a particular issue. It's exhausting, but it lacks the whole `haunted
by some fucking crazy bitch'vibe that I've been getting from work.

Workitself has been great and accommodating; the more time I can take off the better for them. Casual managers get paid a higher rate than part/full time workers, so provided someone takes the shift that I would otherwise be working, they're
generally really cool with it, provided they're given a few days notice.

The past two weeks, similar to the month before the last encounter, has been bliss, broken only by the typing of my keys and the turning pages of my two hundred dollar Tort Law textbook. Full, deep nights of sleep, with a distinct lackof serious
hauntings. I wish I could say the same about my friends at work.

The last part left off with the new manager for overnight texting me about her new experience with my... friend. Those messages can be found here

Suffice to say, I was terrified. But here's where I feel sickened with myself; I was actually relieved that for some reason I wasn't being bothered, that someone else was suffering. Reddit, that thought alone shocked me, let alone the rest of them.

The rest of the weekpassed without incident; sleep came fitfully, but uninterrupted, thankfully. worked day shifts, came home, studied, then slept. Trust me, vicarious liability in regards to a person's civil suit is not something that's worth half a
unit's pass or failure rate.

That's when it happened.

Vvvt.

Vvvt.

My phone vibrated.

Getting texts is a big thing for me, trust me. The fact that my phone was even vibrating generally meant work, or emergency; I'm not a big texter, I prefer calling if possible.

Vvvt.

Vvvt.

I sighed and reached over for the phone. I checked the screen.

Private Number

Okay... Odd, but not unexplainable. I answered, and raised it to my ear.

"Hello?"

"Hello?!"

The panic in the voice made my blood run cold. It was Steph, the woman from my texts, the overnight manager. Something had left her terrified.

"Steph? What's wrong?!"

"Will, get to work now, please!"

The phone cut off.

Redials, recalls, nothing mattered. Everything was met by the calm robotic projections of the voicemail inbox. I sprinted out to the car, floored it. I don't thinkI've driven as fast in my life.

I pulled into the carparkof my work, parked, not even bothering to lockmy car in the panic. I sprinted down the gravel, my heart pounding. The only thing that was going through my mind was that this had to end tonight.

I ran up the patio, banged on the door. Shit, locked. I ran round into the drive thru lane, screaming into the order box.

"Steph? Steph, are you okay?!"

Sir, I'm going to need you to calm down.

Wait, what? What the fuck?

Sir, I can't serve you in the drive thru lane unless you're in a vehicle.

Stephs'voice rang through the speaker. She was... fine? I jogged around to the booth.

She stood there, headset on, bewildered at my appearance.

What the fuckwas going on?

She opened the window, startled.

"Will? What are you doing here?"

Upon hearing about the phone call that'd caused my mad dash, she went white. Apparently, the woman hadn't been seen for the last few weeks, not since those text messages. I apologised, warned her again to simply ignore her, and, exhaling
deeply, went backto my car, more confused than ever. Who the fuckhad called me? What the hell was that voice? And why me? The same three questions that had plagued me over the last few months swam backto the surface of my mind,
threatening to send me backinto that spiral. I quelled them, reminding myself (all the while hating myself for it) that it wasn't happening to me anymore, maybe I could move on? Another question. Fuck. I can't get anywhere.

I started my car and began the trip home. But Nosleep, here's where it starts to scare me. I started to get more texts. From Steph, specifically.

This first one...

This is strange. I got this message ten minutes after I left work, right as I was pulling in to my driveway. A blackimage. That's all.

Within ten seconds of the first one, I got another. This one made the hair on the backof my neckstand up. That's the sign from work, but this one also confuses me. It's been cropped for some reason, slightly shorter than your standard iPhone
photo.

Finally, this is the one that has reduced me to base instinct, that forced me to make this update. I'm not sure about the rest of you, Reddit, but I see a silhouette in that image. A silhouette of someone with lankhair and white clothes. While that
may be the last of the images that I've been sent, that doesn't mean contact has stopped there. I've gotten a single message, not so much terrifying, but confusing.



blinkblink. CONCRETE. Silence



I've got no idea as to what that final text may mean, but it's strangely reminiscent of a poem I read in High School for year 12, anyone else recognise it?

                                                                                                                  Diary of a Fat Girl

                                                                                                                          by kateshakes
                                                                                                               Runner Up - April Monthly Contest


Dear Diary,

That's how you're meant to start these things right? I have never kept a journal before, nor do I want to, but the hospital said I have to as part of my 'treatment plan'. Funny.

Let me backtracka little.

I have always been overweight, from being a child. I went to a strict Christian school, and luckily because of this I was never bullied because of my size- but you always notice the other kids staring.

It got worse as I got older, I just seemed to expand in all directions except the one way I wanted. So not only am I fat, but also very short. You can imagine this didn't do too much for my self esteem.

Because of my size, I've always hated gym class at school. Firstly there's the undressing in front of the other beautiful, skinny girls who always glance over at me. God, this is embarrassing to write. I could feel my whole body flare red as I
felt their eyes on me. Then there was the exercise itself. I'd get awful chest pains, and couldn't run more than around a hundred metres, and wouldn't even attempt real team games- no one would pickme anyway.

I tried diets. Every single diet you can imagine: Atkins, cabbage soup, 5:2... You name it, I've tried it. But they never work, I always end up caving and getting bigger.

Things got really bad 2 years ago. I got really bad chest pains and was rushed to hospital- doctors said my weight was at a dangerous level, and that my heart was suffering, I had to change my ways. My parents begged me to change, bought
all the right foods, even watched me at meal times. But did I change? Nope. Still the fat glutton I've always been.

I got bigger. I know what you're thinking, why? Why do this to yourself? Why put not only yourself but also your parents through this? Well, Diary, I'll tell you. IT'S BECAUSE I HAVE ZERO SELF CONTROL, OBVIOUSLY. Fuck. I hate
myself. I can feel my rolls. I hate going clothes shopping. Nothing suits me. Sometimes I just sit in bed and cry at how little control I have over my life.

3/20/15

Sorry Diary, forgot to date it last time, but it's been about 3 weeks. I got put in hospital again with chest pains. Doctors told me off, I saw psychologists about my weight problem. Other than that, nothing much to report... still a fatty. Always will
be probably! I'll update you when I've lost a few pounds... we may be a while.



Hello people of Reddit.

I am the father of Ella, the writer of this diary. My family are devastated and going through a very difficult time at the moment, as my daughter passed away last week.

She had suffered with Anorexia Nervosa for many years, and in the end her heart couldn't cope anymore, and gave up. It is clear reading her diary, which I did not know she kept until I had the opportunity to lookin her bedroom, that she had
severe body dysmorphia, believing she was actually overweight.

She was 60lbs exactly when she died.

It was a hard decision to make, but I decided to post this diary for others out there who are either suffering themselves with this disease or know somebody that is.

Sometimes, you just can't see the forest for the trees.

                                                                                                               AWhite iPhone 4S

                                                                                                                   by sleepyhollow_101
                                                                                                             Runner Up - April Monthly Contest


It was sitting beside the curb outside my apartment. A white iPhone 4S in surprisingly good condition. I scooped it up from the ground to get a closer look. It probably belonged to a high school girl, judging by the horrendously glittering purple
case. I admired the phone anyway  tacky though the case was, it had protected its charge fairly well. The phone had not only survived what I assumed was a fall from a careless girl's bookbag, but it was in pristine condition. No hairline
cracks, no dings, no dents... nothing.

As I marched into my apartment, throwing my bag on the floor and shedding my coat and shoes, I continued inspecting the phone. Whoever lost it must surely be missing it. I pressed the home button and the screen lit up. A swipe right and I
discovered that the phone was not, in fact, locked. Thankgoodness for stupid teenage girls (ignoring, for the moment, that I used to be exactly one of those). I searched the contacts and found one labeled "Mom." I pressed the call button.

Nothing.

It was as though the touch screen hadn't registered my fingertips. Puzzled, I pressed "call" again. And again. Nothing.

It was at that moment that I got a call on my own cell phone, a blackiPhone 5. I swiped to answer and the voice of my best friend reached my ears.

"Hey, sleepyhollow_101! How was your test today?"

The phone momentarily forgotten, I fell into a deep conversation with Anna about the absolute chaos that is university life. We chatted for a bit about whatever things twenty-something year-old girls talkabout before she got to the point.

"You busy tonight? There's a cool club that opened up not too long ago downtown and a few of my friends wanna go. You should come with!"

I glanced around at the comfort of my apartment. I was a pretty quiet person who preferred to sit inside and read a good book, as opposed to my outgoing Anna who was always getting into heaps of trouble. It's always the story, isn't it?
Opposites attract. As much as I wanted to stay in tonight, I smiled and agreed, much to Anna's squealing delight. How can I deny a request from my best friend?

We set up plans and I hung up the phone. Then I remembered the other phone sitting on my couch, dejected. I picked it up and opened it to the owner's mother's contact information. That's right! I punched the number into my own phone and hit
"call." I could at least call this way.

The phone rang for a few moments. I was about to leave a message when an exhausted voice came over the speakers.

"Yeah?"

I tried not to be put off by this rude response.

"Hi, um, my name is Sleepyhollow101 and I found this phone outside my apartment... I thinkit belongs to your daughter. Is there any way I could get it to her?"

The line was quiet for a moment, aside from some labored breathing. Then: "Do you thinkthis shit is funny? Quit it with these stupid fucking pranks."

I remained speechless for a few moments after she'd hung up on me. What the hell was her problem? Thoroughly confused, I rechecked the number. No, I had dialed the right number... well, whatever. I shrugged. I couldn't make sense of it,
but it wasn't really my problem, either. Sooner or later someone was bound to call her and then I'd pickup and explain the situation to them. It would get resolved somehow.

I still had a few hours until I had to be at the club to meet Anna, so I settled down with The Good Earth and a backof chips.

Just as I was getting deeply embedded into the story, a loud beeping startled me.

BEEP BEEP BEEP.

I looked around wildly, my eyes colliding with the lit screen of the white iPhone. Oh, that must be her ringtone. I looked at the Caller ID. "Restricted."

I picked it up.

"Hello?"

Static.

"Hello...?"

The static was intense and only getting louder. I tried calling out a few more times, but no response. I was just starting to move the phone away from my ears due to the loudness of the static when  click.

Call Ended.

Huh. Must have been a mistake. Stupid phone, I was getting nowhere with this.

I went backto my bookand spent a few peaceful hours reading. An hour before our meeting time, I grudgingly pulled a glitzy shirt on over my head  one that I had borrowed from Anna, of course  and paired it with some blackbooty shorts.
I put on flats (no way was I wasting a night in high heels) and applied cherry red lipstick. I figured I had prepared as much as I wanted and was just about to head out the door when the phone rang again.

BEEP BEEP BEEP.

I grabbed the phone off the couch and stared at it. Restricted. What the fuck? I rolled my eyes and answered it one more time, just on the off-chance that someone was there.

"Hello?"

Nothing this time, absolutely no sound. It sounded like the line was dead. Seriously, what was the problem with this damn thing? Maybe I should just take it to the police station in the morning, let the cops deal with it...

"Can you hear me?"

I let out a little yelp. The woman's voice had come in, loud and clear, patient and toneless. But it sounded... off. There was no other noise on the phone. I put the receiver next to my ear again, cautiously this time.

"Hello? Hey, do you know whose phone this is? I found it sitting outside and  "

Click.

Call ended.

By this point I was getting pissed. Was someone playing a fucking game with me? I tossed the phone backon the couch. Enough of this, I would deal with it when I got home. Or maybe I'd let Anna deal with it. She was better at this kind of stuff
than I was.

With that thought in my head, I headed out the door and into the night.

The club was pretty fun. It turns out that Anna's friends all happened to be guys, with one in the mix who was exactly my type: tall, with darkhair, forceful and confident, and a little controlling. I know, I know, I'm asking for trouble. But a little
trouble is good once in a while. Plus, he and I hit it off right away. He sealed the deal when he tookmy phone, found my number and plugged it into his phone.

"I'm taking you out on Saturday. You better be ready at 8!"

I felt a thrill up my spine. Oh, hell yes, I would be.

I crashed at Anna's place. We spent the rest of the night watching shitty horror movies that we'd already seen a million times and making brownies. Well, actually, just the brownie batter, which we then ate raw. We passed out around 4 AM and
I went home around noon the next day  thankgoodness I didn't have any Friday classes.

It wasn't until after I'd already showered and made myself some breakfast that I caught sight of the phone once again. I don't know why, but just looking at it made me uncomfortable. I decided I'd bring it to the cops that day.

I was about to throw it in my purse when the screen lit up.

New message: one attachment.

I slid the phone open. The text was from a restricted number again. I shivered.

I opened the attachment.

A picture. A picture of... me. Taken from inside the club when I was talking to Mr. Bad Boy. It was a close picture, too, taken no more than a few feet away from me.

I dropped the phone to the floor. I could practically feel my face draining, a white pallor settling into my cheeks.

My heart was racing like mad, but my brain went into practical mode.

Now I knew I didn't have the phone by accident. It was left outside of my apartment in hopes that I would find it. It made sense, didn't it? That silly little flimsy case would never have protected the phone from the hard concrete.

So why did they want me to have it? Clearly they wanted to harass me. Ok, but for what reason? I thought backto my dad. He was a cop, maybe it was someone he'd pissed off? Although it seemed unlikely, as I was pretty far from my
hometown. Had I pissed off anyone myself lately? I wracked my brain but came up empty. I didn't have enough daily social interactions to piss anyone off, if I'm being honest.

But they had to know who I was. They'd followed me to the club, they'd taken my picture, and...

...And they'd sent the picture right when I picked up the phone.

Just as this thought registered, the phone went off again.

BEEP BEEP BEEP.

Restricted.

This time, there was no hesitation. I picked up the phone and said in a strong, angry voice, "Who the fuckis this? I don't have time to play your fucking games. Do you thinkI'm scared of a shitstain like you?" The expletives continued to pour out
of my mouth.

Silence.

"Are you there?"

That same, toneless, emotionless voice. Click. Call ended.

I'll admit, I was pretty freaked out by this. I made the decision in a split second. I grabbed my backpackand filled it with a few necessities, grabbed both the phones, and ran out to my car. I jumped in, locking the door behind me, and sped off
down the street, my eyes trained on the rearview mirror to ensure no one was following me.

I drove through town for a few hours, taking every turn that I could. In the meantime, I formulated a plan. Whoever this was, and whatever reason they had for doing this, I wasn't going to be victim of this stupid prankanymore.

Once I was sure I wasn't being followed, I pulled over and called Anna. I explained the situation to her over the phone and she agreed to let me stay at her place.

"I'll help you catch this fucker," she said.

About 20 minutes later, I arrived at her house. "Ok, let's catch him."

We sat in her living room and I tookout my phone. If we were going to find out who this guy  or girl  was, we were going to need all the help we could get. And all that help consisted of this weird phone.

I slid the phone to unlockit and we stared down at it. Where do we start?

"Pictures," tried Anna.

"Right."

I clicked on the photo icon and started from the beginning.

The first few photos were... normal. A teenage girl with long blonde hair, a toothy smile, and some leftover acne from her preteen years. She had taken a lot of selfies and stupid pictures with her friends. Judging by her appearance alone, I
figured I had been right in the first place, that she was a high schooler. But why would a high schooler be doing this? Could she even pull it off? She would have needed a pretty good fake ID to get into the club. And I thinkI would have
remembered seeing someone so young. This just didn't make sense.

I continued scrolling. Pretty soon a guy started appearing in the pictures, with messy brown hair and a dangerously charming smile. They seemed to be getting pretty close. Her friends slowly disappeared from her pictures and were all
replaced by who I could only assume was her boyfriend.

And then the pictures turned black.

That was it, just blackness. Assuming it was a dud, I went to the next picture.

Black.

We scrolled through a few like this. Anna shrugged. "This is totally weird."

I swiped right again, and the screen seemed to explode with color.

I saw the blonde teen again, but this time she was lying on the ground. Her hair actually looked like it had turned strawberry blonde. It tookme a moment to register that it was matted with blood. Her head was crooked to the side and her right
arm was twisted at an odd angle behind her. Blood had pooled around her and her formerly bright blue eyes had dulled and were staring out into nothing. Dead.

Anna let out a scream. I threw the phone down and ran to the bathroom. I was sickfor a few minutes, before I returned. Anna was shaking on the couch, staring at the phone, still lying where I'd left it a few minutes earlier.

"Are you ok?"

Anna nodded. "What the fuckis this?"

"I don't know," I admitted.

"We have to find out who this girl is. And if her boyfriend did this."

I nodded. Gingerly, I picked up the phone again. I figured the remaining pictures might give us more clues.

Without looking, I swiped past the gory catalogue of the girl's death. Next was another blackpicture. And another one. And another. My anticipation and anxiety grew with each picture.

This time, it was the brown-haired boy who appeared first. I have to admit, up until this point, he had been my first suspect. She had spent all her time with him, after all. But when I saw his body half smashed through the windshield of his car,
glass sticking into his stomach and blood pouring out of his eyes, I gave up on that theory. Looking at the screen, I felt his body would twitch any second, as death overcame him on the hood of his own car.

Swipe, swipe, swipe.

The next picture was another girl, older than Blondie, with long blackhair and crows'feet around her eyes. She looked like she was in her mid-thirties. It was a formal picture, with her looking straight into the camera, standing stiff and straight in
business attire. It looked like she'd taken it for her job.

Next. A similar picture, but this time it was a man staring into the camera. Colleagues?

A few more blackswipes. Then I saw the woman lying on a patch of concrete, a knife stuckin her stomach, her face stretched out into a scream. Her eyes were lifeless but only just so. She'd died just before the picture was taken.

More blackstills. Would this ever end?

Then I saw the man. At least, I was pretty sure it was the man. As he hung from the rafters, his backfaced the camera and I couldn't get a good lookat his face.

I felt sickagain.

I continued swiping through the picture gallery, but I was always greeted with the same sights. A few normal pictures of a girl and a guy, and then both of their grisly deaths.

Finally, Anna tookthe phone from me.

"ENOUGH, Sleepyhollow_101. This isn't helping. We need to get you to the police."

I could feel my panic growing. "And tell them what? I found a weird phone with creepy pictures on it? That it's receiving pictures of myself? That I'm the next target?"

Vocalizing that last conjecture broke the last of my control. I ripped at my hair and screamed. None of those deaths looked particularly appealing to me, and chances were I was going to be experiencing one of them. Anna held me while I
sobbed into her arms. There was no way out of this. I was dead. I was so dead.

Anna picked up the phone again. "I'm going to lookthrough the contacts. Maybe we can figure out who's doing this. Maybe there's a clue in here somewhere."

I sat completely still, Anna's arms still around me. I didn't even want to lookat the damn thing anymore. I wanted my mom.

"Whoa... Sleepy, lookat this!"

I glanced at Anna, afraid to lookat the phone at all. I didn't want to play this game anymore.

"What is it?"

"All the contacts... they're all girls."

I looked at her, puzzled. "So?"

"So, the first girl, the one the phone must have belonged to, she had a boyfriend, right? Why isn't his number in here?"

That was a good point. I looked through the contacts. All girls.

I scrolled down to "my number." Pulling up the contact information, I saw that a name was listed next to it. Weird. Tina Drescher.

Suddenly, I grabbed Anna's computer.

"What are you doing?"

"Trying to find the connection." There had to be a reason all these girls had died, there had to be a reason that Tina died. Something was connecting them.

I clicked on the first article that Google spit out.

WINONA TEEN FOUND DEAD ON SCHOOL GROUNDS

The picture accompanying the article was definitely Tina. I continued reading.

"A recent tragedy has resulted in the death of Winona teen Tina Drescher. Tina's body was found on April 6th, 2012, lying next to the main building of Winona Public High School. Although the police are continuing their investigation, the death
appears to be a suicide.

`Although it is unfortunate, it is not unheard of,'Chief of police Robert Mansfield reported on Wednesday. `When teenagers like Tina come under severe pressure, they tend to make poor decisions. It is a pity that Tina felt this was her only
option.'

Tina's parents were shocked by her decision.

`Tina was such a happy child,'her mother explained tearfully to KTV Channel 12 reporters. `She would never have done something like this.'

Students and members of the community are welcome to attend a memorial service held for Tina on April 14th. The memorial service will be held in the Winona Public High School gymnasium."

"Here, try this one," said Anna. " `Emily Tressor.'"

I punched it into Google and up popped the black-haired woman.

I skimmed the article this time. Found murdered outside of a bar downtown. But there was something new here.

"Anna... this girl was sexually assaulted."

"What?"

"Look, it's right here."

"That doesn't make sense." Anna frowned. "The other girl committed suicide, this girl was raped and then murdered. Where's the connection?"

I shrugged. We punched in the next name, and then the next.

Aside from Tina, all of the reports were the same. Women murdered, presence of semen and pattern of wounds indicating sexual assault.

"This doesn't make any sense!" My frustration was growing. "These girls were all brutalized, all except for Tina. What makes her different?"

Anna was quiet for a moment, then spoke up. "Maybe she's the same."

"What?"

"Thinkabout it. She killed herself for seemingly no reason at all. Maybe that's why she did it?"

The pieces started to clicktogether. "But what about her boyfriend? And what about the boys in the pictures? They're all dead, too, but their names aren't saved."

That's right. If whoever was doing this was raping and murdering these girls, then what about the boys? Why did they die in the first place? And why didn't their deaths warrant saving?

Anna and I were still puzzling over it when the phone lit up between us.

BEEP BEEP BEEP.

I was beginning to hate that sound. I looked at it nervously.

"Put it on speaker," suggested Anna.

I tooka deep breath and answered the phone, doing as Anna said and pressing the speaker phone option.

"Who is this?"

Nothing but silence. Silence that was slowly breaking down my sanity.

My voice, too, broke as I asked, "What do you want? Why are you doing this?"

"Stay away from him."

Click.

Who the fuckwas she talking about?

Wait... Mr. Bad Boy. He was in the picture that I received.

A picture started to form in my mind. Whoever was doing this coming after me, raping me, leaving me for dead. But where did Anna's friend (Derekwas his name) fit into this?

As I was pondering this question, I heard Anna gasp next to me.

"The pictures."

"What?"

She pulled up the phone again. "Lookat the pictures of the guys." I looked. The first guy through his windshield, the second hanging from the rafters, the third with his wrists split open, the forth with a gunshot to the head...

Wait.

"These are..."

"...suicides." Anna finished for me.

The final piece clicked into place.

"He frames them," I said, slowly. "He goes after the girls and he frames the men... and they kill themselves."

We were silent for a moment. Then I bolted to my feet and grabbed my bag.

"Wait, Sleepy, where are you going?"

I paused at the door. "I have to talkto Derek. I have to tell him what's happening. He doesn't realize the danger he's in."

I hugged Anna. "You can't come with me, I need you to stay here in case I need a place to crash again." And because I don't want you to get hurt along with me, I added silently in my head.

I thinkshe would have tried to follow me but I was out the door before she could say anything. I had swiped Derek's number when he plugged mine into his phone, thankGod. His phone was already ringing on the other end as I got into my car.

"Well, well, well. If it isn't the lovely lady from the bar."

I blushed. Even under the circumstances, his voice was making me heat up. "Derek, I need to talkto you. I need to see you. Are you busy right now?"

I could almost hear the smile in his voice. "Am I so dashing that you can't wait until tomorrow? Well, that's fine with me. We can meet up. Why don't you come to my apartment?"

I hesitated. That was no good, then my stalker would know where he lived.

"I was thinking somewhere more public..."

He laughed. "Don't trust me yet? That's not a problem. How about a restaurant, then? We can make it a real date." He rattled off the name of a surprisingly expensive restaurant downtown and I accepted.

"I'll be there in 20 minutes."

"It's a date." I could hear the smile in his voice.

Talking to him seemed to help me access my inner strength. And for the first time since I found the phone, I got angry. Really, really angry. This guy thought he could just push me around? He thought he could intimidate me? Well, it wasn't
going to be as easy as he was hoping. If I was going down, I was taking him with me. And then no one else was going to have to suffer like I had.

There were still things I didn't understand, however. Why was I getting calls from this girl? Did he have someone working with him? And what was their aim in doing this? Even as I arrived at the restaurant, these questions were buzzing in my
mind.

I immediately felt safer when I saw Derek's shockof blackhair and his bright, sparkling smile. I felt tears rushing into my eyes as relief flooded over me. I was a little afraid of scaring him off, but I couldn't stop myself from running into his
arms.

He was shocked, but his arms wrapped around me in a tight embrace. "Hey, hey, what's wrong, what happened?"

I couldn't answer for a minute, so he just held me and talked in a low, soothing voice. "It's ok, you can tell me, I won't let anyone hurt you."

After that, he led me to a booth towards the backof the restaurant where we could be alone. I poured out my story, the phone, the calls, the pictures... he listened silently, his face unmoving. I finished with my theory about the stalker.

"I had to tell you because I thinkhe's coming after both of us," I finished, with tears springing into my eyes again. Derekreached across the table and tookmy hands in his. He looked straight into my eyes as he spoke.

"Listen to me. I won't let this guy come near you, ok? Everything is going to be fine."

I nodded, my frustrated tears replaced by grateful ones. I could finally feel safe.

It was darkby the time we left the restaurant. Derekhad offered to put me up at his house, but I'd refused... I didn't want to endanger him any more than I already had. Plus, I was getting worried about Anna. What if the guy had followed me
to her house? I called to make sure she was ok. She answered and sounded fine, but I thought it would be better to get backas soon as I could.

Derekwas walking me to his car when suddenly he stopped.

"What is it, what's wrong?"

He looked around for a moment, then grabbed my arm. "I thinkhe's here." He was grabbing my arm so hard it hurt.

"Follow me."

We ran down the street, me practically being dragged by his iron grip. Just before we hit the end of the street, he turned right and we veered into an alley.

I stood there winded as he peeked backdown the street.

"Good, no one saw us."

I looked up at him. And almost immediately I registered that something was wrong.

Derekwas looking at me, his goofy grin replaced with something... darker. He was smirking, actually.

"You're worried about your stalker, huh? This freakthat rapes and murders these girls... here's an idea! Maybe if I do his job for him, he'll leave you alone, how about that?"

I stared at him, confused. What had happened to the protective guy I'd seen just a moment before?

"What are you talking about?"

He stepped towards me. I stepped back. He laughed.

"You know why I brought you into this alley? `Cause there's nowhere to run. And you were stupid enough to believe me when I said we were being watched. Are you psycho?"

I backed into the wall at the end of the alley. My heart was in my throat. I began to realize that I had made a terrible mistake. I wanted to move, but I couldn't. My hands were clammy and shaking. I had nowhere to go.

Derekreached down and tugged at the zipper of his jeans.

"You're lucky, I don't usually fuckcrazy chicks, but for you? Well, I'll make an exception."

That seemed to breakme out of my trance. I went into panic mode. Before I knew what I was doing, my leg had swung up and caught him right where it hurt the most.

He screamed a few expletives and grabbed his crotch. I tried to run past him but he grabbed my arm in that iron grip again. I could feel tiny bruises forming where his fingernails dug into my skin.

"You fucking bitch, you'll pay for that. Stupid whore!"

I yanked at my arm as hard as I could. His other hand grabbed my hair and yanked me back. I reached up with my free arm and clawed at his eyes. I could feel the blood soaking under my fingernails as he screamed. He released my arm,
keeping a firm grip on my hair, and grabbed a knife from his backpocket.

And then suddenly, everything stopped.

I don't know how we both knew something was there, but we did. He turned around to look, and as he did, I caught a glimpse of her.

It was the blonde girl from the photos, her thin stature and solemn eyes staring at us intensely. She looked at me for a moment before shifting her gaze to Derek.

Suddenly, I couldn't see her anymore.

"What the fuck? What the fuck? What the FUCK?" Derekstarted screaming. He let go of me and backed against the alley wall.

To me, she had disappeared. But whatever Dereksaw, it was like torture.

He screamed and grabbed his bleeding eyes. I was surprised he could still see after the wounds I'd given him. He kept standing like that, screaming over and over again.

Finally, he dashed out of the alley, leaving me in the darkness.

I stood there on my own, breathing heavily, my whole body trembling like a leaf.

BEEP BEEP BEEP.

I gingerly picked the phone up out of my bag. I answered it right there in the darkness. This time, I didn't say anything, but I waited.

Sure enough, Tina's voice came over the phone.

"I told you to stay away from him."



Although I reported Derek's assault to the police, it turns out that I didn't have to. A few days later, he was found in his garage, his car filled with noxious fumes that had lulled him into a deadly sleep. Another suicide to add to the photo gallery. I
vaguely wondered what he had seen, what had driven him to that point.

I realized how wrong I'd been about the phone, about Tina. I knew now why she'd killed herself. Why her boyfriend had died so soon after. And why every woman who'd received this phone had suffered like she did.

She wasn't coming after us.

She was just trying to protect us.

May 2015

                                                                                                                         The Oddkids

                                                                                                                           by StealMyPants
                                                                                                                   Winner - May Monthly Contest


One summer, when I was a boy, my parents sent me to stay with my grandparents for the break. Raised in the pacific northwest, a small town in eastern Mississippi might as well have been an entirely different country for all I was concerned.
The instant we got out of the airport I was struckwith the oppressive humidity, and I became convinced right then and there that my parents downright despised me.

Of course, the reality was much kinder than that. My grandparents were good folks, and thankfully I met a girl within a few days of arrival, and we became fast friends. Her name was Jessie. A local girl with long blonde hair and green eyes 
the first pair I'd ever encountered. I was in love at first sight. Jessie was a year or two older than me, but that didn't matter much to us.

Jessie was the reason I got up every morning  not in a romantic sense, of course, but a very literal one. Sure, my grandparents were very hospitable, but they were old and southern, about as far removed from my narrow worldview as could
be. They just had no idea how to entertain me, and I thinkJessie was as much a relief to them as she was to me, taking me off their hands during the days and curtailing somewhat my boundless youthful energy.

The place where my grandparents lived was about a mile out from a place called Ashbury Wood, and it was a mile I walked daily. I would always meet Jessie on the path, heading my way. On rare occasions she would already be at my
grandparents' house when I was leaving, and I never saw where she lived. It didn't matter much to me, though, because the woods were our real home.

Ashbury Wood wasn't particularly dense, but boy did it seem to go on forever. Jessie showed me a few paths around the woods, unofficial trails to interesting sites like clearings, hollowed-out trees, or even just a place where a funny-looking
bush was growing. We told each other stories of our hometowns, imagining what life would be like if one of us lived where the other did. Whenever we fantasized about having her come live with me she would get a strange tone in her voice, but
I never thought much of it.

While the woods were our home and playground, we still set limits for ourselves. If we went too long without seeing something Jessie recognized, we immediately turned around until we were in familiar territory again. She also set boundaries,
significant features we shouldn't go past for one reason or another; decades later and the only one I can remember is the creek.

The creekitself was nothing to be concerned about. It was just a shallow stream of water that may have come up to my waist, with sloped banks on either side that were sheer but not insurmountable. The first time I discovered it, I immediately
headed down into the water, just about ready to cross to the other side when Jessie cried out from behind me: "Stop!"

I whirled around on one foot as gracefully as a young boy can and looked up at her. She stood staring across the creekand out into the woods on the other side. Her hands were balled into fists and kept straight at her sides, and I remember being
worried that she might begin crying. I climbed backup the side of the creek, coming up beside her.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"We need to turn around." Jessie's voice was barely above a whisper. She looked terrified, and slowly peeled her gaze away from the trees and onto me. "We have to turn back."

Reluctantly, I agreed, but only because I could see how upset the situation was making her. Like I said, the water itself wasn't that deep or rapid, and it wasn't even that far into the woods. On the walkbackI raised these points, but Jessie stayed
quiet, leading me to a small clearing in the trees that we used as a sort of home base for our adventures. Sitting me down, Jessie stared into the grass for a long moment before she spoke.

"Two years ago I had a friend named Emma." Her hands were balled up in her lap, shaking. "We used to play in these woods, like you and me do. And one day, just like you and me, we found that creek."

I laughed; not because of the content of the story, but because I'd never heard someone pronounce it 'crick' before. Her head snapped up to lookme in the eyes and I fell quiet.

"Standin' across from it was these kids who looked about our age, only... they weren't right. That time there was only two: one of them, his head just hung to the side like this." Jessie let her head flop to the left, hanging limp. "Another was real
tiny, and his hands and head were even littler, like tinier than a baby's.

"Now, I'm not proud of this next part, but we weren't exactly sugar and spice to 'em, if you know what I mean." I shookmy head that I did not. She sighed. "We would call 'em names. Tease 'em, you know, because they was weird. Emma
would throw sticks sometimes, though she couldn't hit water if she fell out of a boat." The story paused as Jessie smiled to herself, remembering her friend fondly.

"Did they ever talkback?" I asked, bringing her backto reality.

"Nah," she said, shaking her head. "Just stood there lookin' at us and makin' these weird squeaking noises. Emma and me, we started callin' em 'Oddkids.' 'Cause, you know, they were kids and they sure as shit were odd." I blushed at such
intense language, but Jessie didn't notice. "But no matter what we did to 'em, they never came across the creek. Always just stood on the other side, staring and squeaking. Wasn't always the two, neither. There was different ones, four or five in
all, I think."

"What happened to Emma?" The direction the story was going was obvious, and I was eager to learn.

Jessie stayed quiet for a long while, staring into the ground and absently picking at the grass beneath her. "So at first we were afraid, right? The Oddkids weren't normal, and we would scare each other silly telling stories of how they eat people
and like to run around naked together, just dumb stuff. But as time went on, we got less and less scared of 'em. It got to the point where we'd stand right on the other side of the creekand dare them to cross over, but they never would.

"One day, we're sitting there talking to ourselves, ignoring the weird-headed one like he's just another tree, and Emma said something about him being too chicken to cross. We both looked at him, and he just... walked off. Turned around and
went deeper into the woods, 'til eventually we couldn't see him. And I teased Emma that he was daring her to follow him, that she was a chicken if she didn't go."

I was listening with rapt attention at this point. To my young mind, this girl's tale of terror more closely resembled a great campfire story, made even better by the fact that it allegedly tookplace only a briskwalkaway from where I sat.

"Together, the two of us crossed the creek, 'cause like you said it ain't that big, and we climbed up onto the other side and chased after him. We went maybe a quarter mile in before we start hearing that squeaking again, only up close it didn't
sound like squeakin' anymore. It sounded like... chittering. They surrounded us faster than either of us expected, coming out of the trees like ghosts.

"I was frozen in fear. I couldn't move a muscle, just starin' at the Oddkids and wondering what was gonna happen. Then one of them, the limp-headed one, he grabbed Emma and she screamed and that just... it's like it woke me up. I tore out of
there as fast as I could go, practically leaped the creekin a single jump, and ran all the way home. My lungs was on fire by the time I stopped and I was cryin' all over the place, people trying to get me to tell them what happened, but..." Her
voice trailed off and I could see tears welling in her eyes.

"Did you?" I asked. She shookher head, blinking away the tears.

"I felt guilty," she admitted. "I felt guilty for leavin' her, and I just kept thinking that she'd come home, that she'd be right behind me and we'd cry about it and never ever go across that damn creekagain."

"But she didn't."

Jessie shookher head again. "But she didn't," she repeated. "She didn't ever come back. Nobody ever went lookin' for her neither 'cause she was an orphan. I didn't say nothin' and so nobody even knew to look." Staring out into the woods in the
direction of the creek, Jessie's voice cracked. "The Oddkids got her. I don't know what they did with her."

"I'm... uh, I'm sorry," I tried consoling her, unsure of what to say, but Jessie wasn't paying attention to me anymore. She stood up, brushed the dirt off her denim shorts, and started walking towards town. I got up and chased after her. "Wait!" I
cried. "Where are you going?"

"Home."

"Home? But why?" The concept seemed alien to me  it was the middle of the day, who would want to stay indoors?

"I can't stay in these woods. Not today." She paused. "You should go home too. We'll meet up tomorrow morning."

"But-"

"But nothin'." She stopped and turned to face me. "Go home." Jessie started to turn around again before something else occurred to her. "And don't ever, ever go across the creek, you hear me?" I nodded silently and she reached out, grabbing
my shoulders and giving me a firm shake. "Say it," she demanded.

"I-I promise, no going across the creek," I said timidly. She stared into my eyes, as if searching my soul for a way to ensure my sincerity. Whether she found it or not, she eventually released me and headed off, leaving me standing alone in
the woods with nothing on my hands but free time and my own thoughts. I looked backin the direction of the creekand the mysterious woods beyond. Were there really such a thing as Oddkids? I knew monsters didn't exist in Oregon, but here in
Mississippi it felt like anything could be true. Plus, Jessie had told the story with such conviction that it felt disloyal to be skeptical.

I spent the rest of the day in the woods, wandering aimlessly. Part of me wanted to go backto the creek, but real or not, Jessie's story had scared the hell out of me. At one point I got just close enough that I could make the creekout through the
trees, and I peered as hard as I could at the bankon the other side. I wanted to make out a pair of eyes staring backat me, or hear that chittering Jessie had talked about - heck, at that point I would have accepted a quickblur between the trees as
concrete evidence - but despite my willingness to believe, nothing came forward to present itself. The opposite bankwas devoid of life, and I didn't have the gall to investigate any closer.

As the sky dimmed I reluctantly began the long walkhome, unaccompanied for the first time all summer. I considered Jessie's story of the Oddkids, and almost started to get a little angry with her. Of course they didn't exist! She made them up
just to mess with me, and threw in another girl, conveniently orphaned, to drive home the scare. I shookmy head and laughed, thinking about how gullible I had been.

Later at dinner, I ate with the ferocity of an animal. I hadn't realized how hungry I'd become, alone in the woods all day thinking, and the chicken my grandmother cooked was the most delicious thing I'd ever eaten. It was only on my third
drumstickthat I stopped long enough to askthem a question.

"Did you guys ever hear of anyone going missing in the woods?" I asked between bites, interrupting the regular mealtime silence. They looked at one another quizzically, as if searching their collective memory.

"No, I don't thinkso," my grandmother eventually said.

"Don't ring any bells," her husband agreed. "Why do you ask?"

I shookmy head, taking another bite to buy myself some time to thinkof an answer. "Just something I heard some kids talking about," I told them. "Some jerks were trying to scare Jessie and me by saying a girl named Emma went missing."

Suddenly, my grandmother's eyes lit up with recognition. "You know, I didn't hear nothin' about that, but I do recall that girl being terrified of those woods." She nodded thoughtfully over a spoonful of corn. "Yeah, it was a couple years backthat
the girl come tearin' outta the woods like the Devil himself is on her heels, screamin' and cryin'. I didn't nose my way into it on account of her father askin' people if they would leave his daughter alone, but I overheard that the girl weren't right
for a couple weeks, just sittin' in her room and not talkin' to nobody." She clucked her tongue and tookanother bite of corn. "Lord only knows what happened to that girl, but it shookher somethin' fierce."

I suddenly felt a sickterror in my stomach, like the feeling you get watching a recording of yourself only to see something terrifying looming just out of your sight, something you never knew was there. Did this mean the Oddkids were real?
Had they been watching me as I stepped into the creek?

"So you never found out what happened?" I hesitantly asked, unsure if I wanted the answer. Grandma just shookher head, and the three of us continued eating in silence. Grandpa brought up a baseball game he'd seen on TV earlier that day and
I feigned interest as well as I could, but I wasn't all there. My mind was backin the woods at that creek, inspecting every square inch of my memory for a sign of something... else.

Sleep didn't come easy that night, and when it did it was wrought with nightmares. Thoughts of the Oddkids crawled through my mind, bringing me backto the creek. Looking deeper into the woods, I saw dozens of pairs of eyes staring backat
me, slowly bobbing backand forth as though they were advancing towards me. My dream-self was paralyzed, helpless to do anything but watch as the monsters came out of the shadows. The one Jessie had described, with his head sagging to
the side, lead the plodding advance. As a group, the Oddkids crawled down into the creek, dragging broken limbs and torn flesh behind them, each of them chittering off-tempo with the others to create a horrible cacophony of noise that filled
my ears and bore into my soul, staring into the hungry eyes of the limp-headed leader as he reached out to drag me down!

I awoke screaming. The noise still rang in my ears and, coupled with my panic, caused me to flail against my blankets as though they were trying to engulf me. I fell onto the floor with a hard thud, finally coming to rest. My grandfather burst
into the room and my grandmother was close behind him.

"Are you okay!?" he bellowed, still full of adrenaline even though he was beginning to realize there was no threat. Embarrassed, I kicked the sheets off of me and stood up.

"Yeah, just a bad dream," I muttered. As I came to my senses, I realized the noise I had been hearing was the sound of cicadas filling the room, broadcasting their mating calls to the world. Laughing off their overzealous response, my
grandparents led me downstairs to breakfast, which I accepted readily.

That morning, I walked all the way to the woods without running into Jessie. I stood at the edge of the path looking backdown the road, trying to make out her figure, but nobody was there. Sighing, I walked all the way backto my house, then
down to the woods again. There was no sign of her.

My adolescent mind filled once more with nightmarish imagery, but I did my best to stay grounded in reality. She was the last person who would have gone across the creek, and if the Oddkids ever ventured out of the woods, surely people
around town would talkabout them, right?

Armed with these rationalizations I decided to head to our favorite clearing and wait for her. She wasn't there when I arrived - part of me had expected her to be waiting in the grass, ready to laugh in my face when she learned how I'd walked
up and down the path two more times before thinking to checkour spot - and as an hour slowly ticked by, I began to wonder if something bad really had happened to her. But, if something had, what was I going to do about it? I had no idea where
she lived, and she was the only kid I knew in the area.

Almost unconsciously, I began to head towards the creek. I had only promised I wouldn't cross it, after all, and if she was so concerned about my whereabouts she should have let me know where she was going to be. Besides, if she had been
able to outpace the Oddkids when they were right beside her, I would be able to get away long before they got close.

My legs were filled with a giddy, nervous energy as I kept walking, sometimes at a quickpace and others at barely a shuffle. Once the creekitself was in view I began to move from tree to tree, using them like cover from whatever might lurk
on the other side of the creek. I inched closer, cautious to not disturb even a single twig in my approach.

Finally I was only a few yards from the near bankof the creek. I crouched down and quietly got to my hands and knees, closing the last stretch on all fours and keeping a close watch on the trees ahead of me. I hissed out Jessie's name in a low
voice, straining my ears into the woods to catch anything of interest, but nothing happened. It was just another ordinary day and I was just some weird little boy whispering into the forest.

I was just about to turn around when a brief flash of movement caught my eye. I hadn't noticed it before because I was scanning the ground, but turning my eyes up I saw a silhouette of something I couldn't quite make out. It swayed gently in
the breeze as though it was suspended from the branches. The leaves broke up the distant form, which must have been several dozens of feet away, and I immediately forgot my promise to Jessie; I had to know what that thing was. Just as I was
about to swing my legs down the bankof the creek, a call startled me to my feet in an instant.

"What are you doing?" Jessie was standing a ways behind me, clinging onto a tree as though she might fall without its support. Though her tone was one of anger, her face was ghost-white. She beckoned me towards her, clearly unwilling to go
closer to the creekthan she was. I twisted my body around, raising an arm to point at the thing I had seen in the treetops, but I couldn't relocate it.

"I... I saw something," I said, scanning the leaves for the swaying form.

"And with any luck, it didn't see you!" she hissed, stamping her foot in the dirt. I shookmy head, my boyish curiosity trumping her obvious fear.

"Don't be such a scaredy-cat," I said, crouching down to see if I could find the figure in the branches. Briefly, I wondered if it had moved, but that seemed impossible. Whatever it was, it wasn't animate. "I'm going across."

"No!" Jessie screamed, lunging towards me. I was already startled by her cry, and mid-turn she collided into me at full force, sending us both tumbling down the bankand into the creek. We yelled and flailed as we fell, both of us landing on my
back. The muddy water babbled over us and I scooted away, pulling myself onto the far bankof the creek. Jessie followed, more out of a desire to get out of the water than anything.

"Nice going," I said sarcastically. The water was actually a little refreshing in the summertime heat, but we knew that before long we'd be drowning in humidity, our damp clothes suffocating what little comfort sweating brought. I crawled up
onto the opposite side of the creek, once again raising my eyes to the branches to find what I'd seen.

"Please, please can we go?" Jessie was at my side, clutching my arm despite the fact that I was a good half a foot shorter than she was. "We really need to go, please!"

"Come on, just a little bit further!" Wonder and excitement had overtaken all other emotions in my mind. Before, when the creekwas just a memory, it was easy to picture a world of monsters lurking just across the way. Now that I was here,
in the light of day, I felt empowered. I could see that there weren't monsters, so obviously I was safe.

I'm lucky to be alive.

Tugging Jessie forward, I walked to the spot where I had seen the thing hanging from the trees, but now it was nowhere to be found. From where I was standing I could still make out the creek, and I tried to imagine myself crouched low on the
other side, looking up into the branches. The wind blew lazily through the leaves, shaking them this way and that, but nothing unnatural hung from the canopy.

"I saw something right here," I said aloud, justifying my persistence to Jessie. I did feel bad for dragging her somewhere she obviously didn't want to be, and I thought if I'd had something to show for it, maybe she would have understood.
Instead here I was, staring up into the trees like an idiot with a terrified girl clinging to my side. Her eyes darted backand forth across the treeline, as if waiting for something to suddenly appear and attackus.

Unwilling to leave empty-handed, I coaxed us slowly forward. As we pressed on, the woods around us seemed to get quieter, as if we were entering some sort of dead zone in the forest, a place where even the birds and critters refused to go.
Jessie's nails dug into my arm but she stayed right by my side, no longer making any noise except a small whimper with every exhalation.

After another five or ten minutes of walking, we came across a rocky outcropping jutting out of the ground, and a small hole leading down. Intrigued as I was by the promise of more adventure, something else caught our attention: a strange doll
layed propped against the mouth of the cave, facing us. Its elongated forehead drooped slightly over its face, making the upper right side of its head concave. Its eyes were small and beady and black, shining in the midday sun, and tufts of hair
had been placed into its scalp in a disorganized manner. It was garbed only in small denim overalls covering grungy cloth skin. Before I could even draw breath to comment on it, Jessie was fiercely tugging me away.

"That's it! That's one of them!" She was practically screaming, raw terror coming through in her voice, but her reaction was scaring me more than the object itself  that was an Oddkid? An oversized doll?

"Calm down!" I said, tugging backagainst her. "It can't be! Lookat it, it's not breathing! It's just a doll!" Wrenching my arm out of her grip, Jessie fell face-first in the dirt, but was on her feet a second later. I heard her starting to run and turned
to tell her that she didn't have to get any closer if she was scared, that I would go examine it alone.

As I stared in her direction, however, my voice caught in my throat. Standing where Jessie and I had been not twenty seconds ago was another doll, only this one was different. It was cleaner and more well-made, as if whoever had made the
one by the cave had learned from their mistakes. This girl doll was standing beside a tree, watching us with those same all-blackeyes, short brown hair matted with dirt and clumped to her head haphazardly. A tattered red dress clung
desperately to her right shoulder, and beneath it the cloth skin looked much cleaner than the other's, much more... real.

Before I could say a word, Jessie broke the silence. I expected her to shriek, but instead what came out of her mouth was barely above a whisper.

"Emma?"

The girl doll tooka step forward, and my terror levels shot up to their limits. I glanced backwards to see the other doll was pulling itself to its feet, awkwardly shambling towards us. Any doubt I had in Jessie's story evaporated in an instant. The
Oddkids were real, and they were right in front of me. Without another moment's hesitation I grabbed Jessie's wrist, suddenly becoming the one desperate to get us out.

"Come on! Come on, let's go!" I yelled at her, but she didn't even seem to hear me. She instead began to walktowards the girl doll, towards... Emma, I guessed, though I couldn't see how that could ever have been Jessie's friend. I kept pulling at
her arm even as the thing behind her got closer. Jessie was focused exclusively on the other girl, blocking out the whole rest of the world. The doll reached out to Jessie, and she raised her own hand out as well.

"Jes-!" I began to say, but I was interrupted by a heavy object falling directly onto my best friend, sending her crumpling into the dirt. On top of her was a small, human-like figure, with the head and hands proportionally much smaller than
they should have been. Finally observing one up-close, I realized their skin wasn't just dirty cloth; it was rotten, mottled flesh.

I scrambled backwards as the little creature gripped Jessie by the hair, tugging her head up painfully. Jessie screamed and clawed at the ground, trying to shove the thing off of her, but the creature she'd called Emma sagged to its knees,
clamped a hand over her mouth, then turned its head to lookat me.

Energy surged to my legs and I shot upright. I was in full panic mode, operating on a primal instinct to flee, but just as I started to run I collided into a solid force that knocked me backdown to the ground. Another one of those things stood before
me, his head flopping awkwardly to the left just as Jessie had demonstrated. The one I had seen slumped by the cave came into my view, holding a large rockin its hands. Before I could roll out of the way the weight came down on my head,

sending a splitting pain through my skull. My vision went white and a deafening ringing filled my ears, but I stayed conscious throughout.

I could faintly feel things tugging at me, pulling me across the ground as I struggled just to regain my senses. The blinding white slowly faded to an impenetrable black, and the ringing dulled to formless shuffling and the Oddkids' strange chitters
echoing off the walls of the cave. I did my best to stay limp as I was dragged across rough stone, tearing into my shirt and cutting my flesh. I'm certain I whimpered in pain, but the Oddkids didn't react to it, hauling me further into their lair.

Eventually the motion came to an end. I was propped against a rough stone wall, and even in the darkness I could tell that one of them was just in front of my face, quietly muttering to itself in those strange, arrhythmic noises. Its coarse fingers
grabbed my hands and it began stretching a strong, thin fabric around my wrists, binding them together. It wrapped for what felt like ages, until it finally seemed satisfied that my hands weren't going anywhere, then moved on to my ankles to
do the same.

Once that was done the thing shuffled away, the noise of its movements getting gradually fainter before disappearing altogether. Meaning to breathe a sigh of relief, I instead let out a choked sob, finally letting myself express the terror I'd felt
through the whole ordeal. I'm not ashamed to admit that I sat in that cave and cried, certain I'd never see my parents or grandparents ever again.

Only when I heard more movement coming my way did I make any effort to quiet myself. I did my best to control my breathing, sucking in breaths through shuddering gasps and letting them out slowly through my nose. I tried to picture what
the noises were; slowly, I put together that someone else was being dragged down the same rough path I had been.

They were bringing Jessie backhere, too.

For a brief moment, I felt hope. As selfish as it is to admit, at the very least I tookcomfort in knowing that I wouldn't have to suffer alone. Part of me even entertained the notion that perhaps together Jessie and I could escape this cave and
never, ever come backto these awful woods again.

Of course, the reality of this plan had many obstacles. The cave was utterly dark, something that didn't seem to affect the Oddkids one bit. For all I knew there was one sitting in the room with me, silently watching and waiting for me to make a
move so it could pounce on me again and finish the job. On top of that, they easily outnumbered us. The odds were stacked against us in every conceivable way.

Jessie noisily entered the room in which I was kept, and her muffled screaming gave me a sense of the dimensions of the room. It seemed smaller than I expected, likely only a little bigger than my own bedroom. Still, it was plenty big for
storing the two of us.

Just as I was wondering if they would leave Jessie and me alone together, the room was filled with a soft blue luminescence. One of the Oddkids - I couldn't tell which with their backturned to me - was brushing their fingers against a strange
kind of moss on the far wall, and the agitation sparked a chain reaction across the entire plant. Tendrils of blue light arced over the wall in a brilliant pattern, the illumination branching off itself like a snowflake before finally filling in, covering
the cave wall in the most beautiful display I'd ever seen.

And there, in front of the glowing moss, was Jessie. She had been laid out on an obviously man-made dirt platform, and her struggles stilled as puffs of spores from the glowing moss fell onto her. The Oddkid stood over her, observing for a
moment, before bending forward over her.

In my life I had never heard the sound of flesh tearing, but the very first time was unmistakable. I jerked at the noise, as if it had been my own skin, and my heart beat so fast I worried that it would give me away. I screwed my eyes shut and
just listened as the Oddkid did God-knows-what to my helpless friend only a few feet from my face. Mustering up what courage I could, I began to workthe bonds around my wrists against a jagged rock, working just slow enough to not make
too much noise.

The ripping noise soon gave way to gurgles and wet squishing, but I didn't allow myself to picture it. Instead I thought about my grandparents, about seeing their warm smiles one more time. I thought about the airplane that would take me out of
Mississippi, and I thought of every excuse I would ever use for the rest of my life to keep from getting on another plane back. I had to survive this. I had to.

Sure enough, the ropes came free with enough effort. Once they were weakenough I managed to pull them apart with brute strength, the fibers tearing away from each other with a soft sound, something that was almost pleasing contrasted
against the disturbing noises coming from across the room.

I groped around in the near-dark, my fingers moving from rockto rockuntil I found something loose enough - and big enough - that I felt comfortable with it. I now stared directly at the Oddkid, its backstill turned as it performed its macabre
ritual on my friend. Sawing the rockacross the ropes around my ankles, I worked my nerve up to what I was going to have to do next. Armed with a rock, I was going to attackthe Oddkid, knocking them out with one good blow. Fair play, I
thought to myself. Next I would grab Jessie and hoist her over my shoulder - she was taller than me, sure, but I wasn't a weakkid. After that, we would sneakout of the cave somehow, then sprint backto my Grandparents' house and be safe.

The wraps across my ankles fell away, and I slowly stretched my legs out before getting them underneath me. The Oddkid was still oblivious to me, and part of me hated that. Here I was, about to bash in its skull with a rock, and it didn't even
consider me enough of a threat to turn around and checkon me.

"Hey," I whispered, the rockclutched tight in my fist as I held it out to the side behind my head. The Oddkid finally swiveled around and I stared into its soulless blackeyes one last time before bringing the weapon across.

The sensation was nothing like I expected. Instead of a solid blow and a resonating crack, my hand squelched through its blotchy skin with little resistance. I stood there, stunned and staring into its remaining eye as its face hung loosely around
my wrist. Soft scratches made their way across my hand and I jerked it back, the force of my fist pulling out of its head tearing another gouge through the skin-that-was-not-skin.

Looking down at my hand, I saw the single most horrific thing I have ever seen in my life. Instead of brains, blood and gore covering my hand, there were bugs. Centipedes, spiders, ants and more, too numerous to count, swarmed over my
skin. The bag of flesh before me slumped to its knees before keeling over, its occupants surging out of the hole in its neck.

I lost it. I screamed at the top of my lungs and beat my arm against the wall of the cave, shluffing off the vermin in sheets. Through the chaos I called out Jessie's name, forgetting at the time that I had already expected her to be unconscious at
best. Her head tilted to the side and she raised herself up onto her elbows, staring at me. My heart swelled, thinking for a moment that if nothing else, at least we would get out of this alive.

When the azure glow of the moss reflected off Jessie's all-blackeyes, I ran.

Through the darkness I ran, heedless of the frantic chittering that echoed off the stone all around me. I ran into every single twist and turn in those tight tunnels, still struggling to scrape all the bugs off my arm. With every passing moment I
expected to feel the Oddkids' hands wrap around my legs, drag me backto that room, and do to me what they'd done to Jessie. Turn me into one of them.

Finally I saw a thin shaft of light at the end of the darkness. I scrambled out of the cave and into the open woods, the full moon giving me plenty of illumination to find my way. Through the entire sprint I tore at the flesh of my arm with my
fingernails, scraping off the remains of the Oddkid as they wriggled and crawled across me.

The entire run is mostly a blur now. I didn't stop once, didn't even peekbehind me for fear of seeing those things one more time. When I burst into my grandparents' house, the two of them were both awake, sitting up in the living room waiting
for me. I must have told a tale with a single look, because their stern expressions melted upon seeing my eyes and they stayed up with me the rest of the night. Sitting on the couch and wrapped in a blanket, I just stared out the window at the
dusty road that led from the house, praying that I wouldn't see Jessie walking down it.

The next day, after I'd slept and eaten, my grandparents tried to coax out of me what happened. I didn't know what to tell them. Eventually, I told them I'd just fallen asleep in the woods and had a nightmare, freaked myself out and ran home
crying. They hugged me and laughed gently, and my grandpa said I should call ahead the next time I'm going to worry them half to death. I smiled and Jessie's face appeared in my mind's eye.

I didn't let myself be alone for the rest of the vacation. This meant staying indoors for the most part, something I was more than fine with. When word got out that Jessie hadn't been home in a few days and people started searching, my
grandparents asked me if I knew anything about it. I wanted to tell them about the Oddkids - I should have said something, I know that now. But, like the scared child I was, I just said I didn't and they left it at that. Three weeks later I got on a
plane and went home, and for the first time since the cave I felt like I could breathe again. I no longer had the threat of the Oddkids looming over me, just waiting for a moment's lapse in readiness so they could pounce.

I'd like to say that I don't know what happened to Jessie, that her fate remains a mystery, but that would be the coward's way out. Jessie died because of me. Because of my hubris, my curiosity and my stupid thirst for adventure, Jessie lost her
life. This is something I thinkabout every day, even some thirty years later, and it hurts just as much as the very first time I realized it.

Thousands of miles and a couple decades now lay between me and the worst summer of my life, but it isn't perspective that's prompted me to finally write out my tale. My daughter Maggie has been getting excited about collecting bugs, and
as uneasy as it may make me, I'm not the kind to stop her. What really unsettles me about it is how her bugs act; every time she brings me one of her little jars, the bugs inside... watch me. I know how crazy this sounds, I know bugs don't 'see'
like you and I, but... it's like they want me to know that they know I'm there.

I went into my daughter's room a few days ago when she was out at school and picked up her ant farm to see what would happen. I expected them to freeze, to turn and lookat me, but instead they went into a frenzy. Every last ant swarmed the
side of the container, crawling over each other and climbing against the plastic that separated them from my right hand. The hand the bugs were on for minutes as I stumbled blindly through that cave, frantically clawing them off. I watched,
horrified, as the ants literally tore each other apart to be the one closest to my hand.

What did the Oddkids do to me?

                                                                       HELP: Someone has been sending my girlfriend clues to find bodies.

                                                                                                                  by sendhelpandthensome
                                                                                                              Runner Up - May Monthly Contest


Part 1

It started with a nondescript shoe box, taped all over and decorated with nothing but "OPEN ON HALLOWEEN ;)" written in big, bold letters on the cover. My girlfriend (let's call her Lucy) found it on the welcome mat inside her apartment on
the 29th of October 2014.

Lucy and I (let's call me Zeke) have been together for five years. We went to the same high school and though I've had a huge crush on her since then, we only ever got to talkin college. We both got into the same university two hours away
from our home town and we reconnected during our junior year there.

One of the things we instantly bonded over was our shared love for Halloween  from movie marathons to spending exorbitant amounts on decoration and costumes, to playing pranks on friends and binging on Halloween treats. You name it, we
probably do it every year. Maybe this is why when a curious little box with even curiouser contents ended up in Lucy's apartment, we were quickto believe that this was some big prankby the other. It's not the first time either of us went through
great lengths to spookthe other anyway.

It was Halloween morning and I came over to her place as usual, pumpkin pie and hot chocolate in tow. I remember that day too well, but after all, it's not every day your life spirals downhill because of an unassuming little box. I sat down by
the kitchen table and picked up the box, shaking it and noting the muted shuffling inside. She had her backagainst me as she sliced us pumpkin pie.

"Hey, is this for me?" I asked, a bit cheerfully then because she knew I loved surprises. God, if only I knew then what I do now.

"You're kidding right?" Lucy asked incredulously as she quickly spun to face me. She studied my face with a lookthat bore right into my soul. I knew that look. That was how she sizes me up whenever she suspects that I'm lying.

"No? What's wrong?" I asked as I noticed how white her knuckles had become from gripping the kitchen knife too tightly.

She stared at me some more before put down the knife on the counter then taking a seat in front of me. At this point, I was already getting a bit nervous, though I still had absolutely no clue what was going on. "I found this by the door on
Wednesday," she said quietly. I knew she knew I wasn't pulling her leg.

"Maybe someone got the wrong apartment?" I shrugged, still not understanding what the deal was.

"No, Zeke," she said really slowly, the way she would when she was trying hard to make someone understand something. "I found it by the door on this side. On the inside."

Then I started laughing, just guffawing totally ungracefully. Now I was the one convinced that this was her prank, and my worry just seconds ago seemed ridiculous. Then I noticed the expression on her face  or the lackof it  and that
instantly killed my laughter on my lips. God, I was so stupid. She wasn't kidding. Not this time. I looked backdown on the offending box in my hands and immediately tore the tape off, catching bits of cardboard along. Three layers of tape later,
we finally got to the contents  a crudely drawn map and a list:

          1. Kitchen, second drawer by the stove.

          2. Bathroom, beneath the sink.

          3. Bedroom, under the bedside lamp.

          4. Living room, in the blue vase.

To say I was utterly confused by the list would be an understatement, but before I could even mull over it, my legs were already taking me to the second drawer by the stove. It was full of an assortment of kitchen supplies, as expected, but a bit
of digging led me to find orange peels? That was the only thing that stood out, so I tookit and put it on the table in front of the frozen Lucy before moving to the bathroom. Beneath the sink, in between a bottle of bleach and the toilet cleaner were
two yellow ribbons each tied in a bow. I tookthose and stuffed it in my pocket. I headed to the bed room and found three dried maple leave, and in the blue vase was a rusty old key.

I laid down all my findings in front of Lucy and suspicions of her being behind this crept again in my mind. I had no idea what these things meant  yellow ribbons, maple leaves, orange peels and an old key? Nothing made sense. Lucy finally
snapped out of her daze to lookat what I collected and, to my great surprise, she started crying. Not sobbing or anything, but just tears streaming down from her face that still remained expressionless. I was beyond freaked out at this point. I
could almost see a million different thoughts battling for dominance in her mind.

"Lucy?" I started tentatively. "Honey, do you know what these mean?"

She looked at me with wide eyes, mouth slightly agape, and then finally clarity showed on her face.

"Fuck," she suddenly said. "We have to go."

She scooped up all the items and put them in the box then she grabbed her car keys and rushed out the door. I scrambled to follow her, calling her backto lockher apartment, then we both drove on to somewhere only she knew. I won't lie. I was
nervous as hell. I am usually a great sport when on the receiving end of pranks, but if this were one, I swear to God. But the determined lookon Lucy's face assured me it wasn't, and I don't know if the gravity of the situation has fallen on her 
or me  yet at this point. Someone was in her apartment, and that someone had set up a fucking scavenger hunt there.

It was only after half an hour of tense silence in her car that I asked her where we were going. She didn't answer me immediately. In fact, she didn't actually answer me when she finally spoke.

"Do you remember when we were sophomores in high school and this girl from our grade went missing?" she said monotonously. To be honest, she was beginning to freakme out but my gut was telling me that I had to trust her on this one

"Uhm sure," I said, trying to rackmy brain for details about that all but forgotten instance. "That Jane girl, right? Jane..."

"Jane Thompson."

"I remember, yeah," I nodded, wondering where all this was going. "She was never found, was she? I do remember that we had a huge service for her at the end of the school year, but I never really knew her."

"We were friends. Like, best friends."

"I'm sorry, babe," I didn't know what else to say. "But why are we talking about this now?"

She paused again. I could sense that this was an extremely uncomfortable topic for her. I couldn't blame her, but I also had to know what the hell was happening. I let her have a moment as she looked like she was choosing the right words to use.
I looked out the window and saw a sign welcoming us to our home town.

"You know the forest that lined the old administration building?" she began again. "Well, it was all fenced up but when we were freshmen, Jane and I found this breakin the fences, just big enough for one person to climb in."

I watched her carefully. Everything she said so far hasn't been particularly alarming, but my gut is starting to bubble with dread. I did not like where this was going.

"We used to go into the woods all the time. We'd fancy ourselves explorers or what. I know, it's stupid for two girls to go into the woods alone, but everyone feels invincible when they're young, right? There's this clearing we found just before the
second semester of freshman year. It had this huge maple tree right at the center. We used to go there all the time. It was kind of like our secret place."

I knew she wasn't done but I didn't prod further. Soon, we pulled into our old high school, around the backnear the old building Lucy was talking about. It looked exactly as I remembered  faded paint on some buildings, ivy-covered walls on
others. It was weird to be backas adults, weirder still given the circumstances, but I sucked it up and followed Lucy straight to the old administration building at the far corner of the school property.

Just as she said, there was a breakin the fence covered by tall grass. It was tight to get in, but we managed to get through. I've never been to the forest, but Lucy looked like she knew exactly where to go, if not by conscious memory, then at
least of haptic memory. The foliage was dense and even though it was mid afternoon, sunlight barely touched our skins as we trudged and trekked over decaying leaves and fallen branches. I could make out a faint trail beneath all the debris on
our path, but grass had grown over it so it probably has not been used for years. Soon, I saw brightness in the distance, almost too strong for my eyes that had been working in low light for the last twenty minutes. We had reached the clearing.

"Lookthere," Lucy said as she pointed almost indifferently to a maple tree right at the middle of the clearing. She tookmy hand into her sweaty, shaking ones and we walked up to it slowly together. "The day that Jane disappeared, we cut
English to hang out here. I remember braiding her hair and tying the ends with yellow ribbons I found in my mother's sewing kit. I remember her saying that too bad our maple wasn't an oak. I remember she was humming Tie a Yellow Ribbon
for the rest of the afternoon. I remember eating oranges her mother packed her for lunch. I remember  Oh god"

I looked at her just as her faade broke down. Lucy almost fell to the ground before I caught her. She shookin my arms, crying out Jane's name again and again, followed by painful and profuse apologies. As I caressed her hair, I finally
understood what the contents of the box meant.

I know what usually happens on /r/nosleep. I know that the protagonist would usually turn his curiosity into hubris and would then find himself in some terrible situation that makes for a great story. That wasn't the case for us. When the reality of
the situation finally dawned on me, the first thing I did was call the police.

Yes, the police who arrived ten minutes later with K9 dogs and shovels and flashlights. Yes, the police who tookthe haphazard map and the rest of the box and the lines of our story. Yes, the police who dug and dug and dug until their shovels met
metal. Yes, the police who opened the aged metal container with the skeleton key. Yes, the police who told us they found bones, apparently of a young girl based on structure. Yes, the police who called three days later to confirm that the bones
were indeed Jane Thompson's.

Lucy was inconsolable for weeks. She kept repeating that she visited the clearing over and over and over again when Jane disappeared, berating herself for not noticing, for sitting on top of her best friend's decomposing remains. She had a real
breakdown and it was horrible to watch it. I held her hand through the ordeal and after half a year, we were making real progress. She was smiling agin and laughing again and life was going backto normal. We even got Lucy a new apartment

nearer mine.

The only trouble is that the police never actually caught the son of a bitch who sent the box in the first place. The police assured us that they were doing the best they can, but knowing that some sickbastard who got into your girlfriend's
apartment is still out there, well it boils the blood and cracks the bones. The police actually assigned someone to patrol her place for months after the incident, but after half a year without anything remotely threatening or suspicious, that stopped
too.

That was exactly seven months ago.

Yesterday, it was Lucy's birthday. When I stopped by her apartment early in the morning with her birthday breakfast, I was hit by an unwanted sense of dj vu - on her table, a nondescript shoe box with "HAPPY BIRTHDAY ;)" written in
big, bold letters on the cover. We didn't even bother opening it this time before handing it over to the police. This morning, the police told us they found the body of another girl. They didn't tell us who the girl is, only that she has been missing for
three years.

Today, another box found its way to Lucy. The box had sticky red substance seeping from the tape. "I WANT TO PLAY WITH YOU, LUCY. IF YOU TELL THE POLICE AGAIN, YOU'LL GET FRESHER SURPRISES ;)" was written in big,
bold letters on the cover.

We haven't opened it.

Part 2

It's funny how our brains are hardwired to ignore so many details picked up by our senses as we prioritize those by importance based on some arbitrary, and often uninformed, set of criteria we make up as we go.

The thing is, /r/nosleep, your comments have thrown me way off and now, I'm completely at a loss as to whom to trust and what to believe. You even had me doubting even myself for a moment there, but more importantly, you now have me
doubting Lucy.

I admit that maybe I had the seed of suspicion buried deep in my mind long before any of you suggested it. After all, it only tooka few comments from strangers to put me on the edge regarding my girlfriend, so there must have been
something there, right? I mean, can you blame me? She looked at five random things - orange peels, yellow ribbons, maple leaves, a key, and a crude map - and instantly knew what they all meant. Granted it stems from a terrible and traumatic
memory, but still, who better to 'hide' clues in her apartment than herself?

Fuck, I shouldn't thinkthis way.

When I lookat her with her doe eyes, those frightened and vulnerable eyes - god, I don't want to believe it. I don't want to believe that this girl that I've known and loved for years could be responsible for this sickgame. I don't thinkshe's faking it
and I want to prove it. Not just to you all, but to myself as well.

This might be the best time to thankyou all for your concern and suggestions. You don't know how comforting it is to know that some people care for your wellbeing. Fortunately, being the Halloween geeks that we both are (as previously
mentioned), we know that no horror/thriller movie plot ever ends well when the hero complex takes center stage.

It tooka while to convince Lucy that the pros of getting help from the police far outweigh the risks. I told her that what she was doing was some masochistic victim blaming - if someone died, it would be on no one's ledger but the damn killer. So
when a putrid stench started to waft from the box, we quickly drove to the police station to turn it over and to tell them what happened. They assured us yet again that they're doing the best they can with our case, and also that they'll be
assigning some officers to watch over Lucy, and me too just in case.

In the meantime, Lucy's staying with a friend of hers so that she isn't alone too often. I asked her if she wanted to stay in my apartment for the time being, but she refused vehemently insisting that she did not want to drag me further down this
highway to hell with her (but she's willing to do that to her friend?). It was a little past lunchtime when I drove her to her friend's apartment, and the whole time, she was muttering how this is all her fault again and again. I thinkshe's sinking
lower than her last breakdown and it's scaring me more than ever before. I didn't want to leave her, but she insisted in the same freaky monotone that I should go.

I was driving away from her friend's apartment when the plot began to thicken. I got a call from the detective assigned to the case asking if I could stop by the police station because they had some breaks. The Detective (let's call him Kane)
asked in explicit terms not to bring Lucy. Throughout the ten minute drive to the police station, I had innumerable thoughts racing through my brain as the feeling of dread covered my entire being anew. But as excruciating as the wait for new
information was, nothing could have been worse than the actual knowing.

Detective Kane led me to his small office and asked that I sit down. The sun streaming in between the blinds showed the dance of dust in the air, and the smell of coffee and moldy old paper threatened nausea. He sat down behind the chipped
wooden deskacross me and placed his hands solemnly on the table.

"There's been a breakthrough in the case," he said quietly.

"Yes, I know. You told me over the phone."

"The second body that we found, well..."

"Just say it, Detective," the nerves lent more volume to my voice than I intended.

"Well, we found a connection between her and Lucy," he looked me straight in the eye when he said this. I sat there without moving for what felt like eternity, and when he realized I wasn't going to say anything, he continued on. "Her name
was Nancy Holmes. Sources confirmed that she and Lucy were friends in college. She went missing three years ago."

The moment felt like a million light years collapsing into one second. I remember Nancy Holmes. I met her once or twice when Lucy and I had just begun dating, but I was told that she moved out of the country right after college  right
around the time she went missing.

The implications of this new revelation could not mean well, no matter which way I decide to interpret it. Option A, the new connection puts Lucy in terrible light, but again, I refuse to go there. If not Lucy, then who else is there to trust? Option
B, the son of a bitch is killing off people around Lucy. Simultaneously, I felt absolute rage and absolute fear both unprecedented in my life.

For the first time, I realized that my life was in danger.

"You're a smart man, Zeke," Detective Kane continued when he probably saw the flicker of understanding behind my eyes. "You know what this means."

"I can thinkof what it can mean, Detective, but you have to tell me which side you're leaning."

"Maybe you can make your own conclusions when I tell you what else we found." At this point, Detective Kane brought out a manila envelope and laid out three photos in a row in front of me.

Rats. Two dead rats with their eyes gouged out and each tail tied around the other's throat. Blood was seeping from the tiny abysses that were their eyes. In between them, a crimson stained piece of paper with the words "THEY MADE LESS
OF A MESS THAN YOUR PRETTY FRIENDS. ;)"

As strong as my stomach is whenever I watch slasher films, the fact that just an hour ago, only cardboard and some tape separated my hands from this blood bath sent bile right up backto my mouth. Detective Kane handed me his waste bin in
time, and for the next five minutes, I vomited and vomited, as though my body believed that with next heave and wheeze, my all-consuming fear would come out mingled with my stomach's contents. Detective Kane handed me a glass of
water and waited for me to down the entire thing before continuing with the rest of what he had to say.

"Cause of death for the rats is asphyxiation, just like the two victims. The rats'eyes were also gouged when they were still alive. We can't be too sure if the same thing happened to the girls, but judging by the some forensic discoveries, that's
probably the case."

I shookmy head vehemently. "No, Lucy hates rats. Like really hates them enough to curse them to hell every time she sees one. She wouldn't touch any of those with a twenty foot pole," I was almost shouting at this point. "The fucking bastard
knows her worst fears."

Detective Kane brought out another photo. It tookme a while to make sense of this one. It was an evidence shot of three strands of hair  two blonde, and one electric blue. Like Lucy's.

"Where are you getting at, Detective?" I asked severely. I could feel my jaw tense in anticipation for the accusation that I was making myself in my mind.

"Just," he hesitated. He looked me square in the eyes. I knew what he was looking for. He was trying to see if I would show any inkling of doubt about my girlfriend. I had doubt, more than an inkling, but I wasn't about to throw Lucy under a bus
without proof so I steeled my gaze. I guess I was more convincing on the outside than I was in the inside. "Just be careful, okay? I'll have officers stationed outside your apartments round the clock."

"Yes, thankyou," I stood up to leave. He shookmy hand firmly, lingering a bit longer in an attempt to get across with a lookthe message that I already long received. I headed out the door, into my car, and drove straight home.

You see, Lucy loves a good mystery. It's one of the many things we have in common. In fact, the catalyst for reconnecting backin college was a mystery  one August Dupin had written a short story that was published in our school paper and
I loved it so much that I wrote a fan letter, only to later find out that Ms. Dupin was none other than my high school crush Lucy. Lucy is the single most observant person I know, and she has this uncanny ability to see patterns where I just saw
madness. You see, Lucy loves a good mystery, and I was beginning to wonder if she loved it enough to make mysteries out of everything she touched.

But I love a good mystery too, my darling Lucy. No matter how loudly my gut protests my reckless abandon and no matter how all my knowledge of horror plots piles ruthlessly against me, I am going to solve this one no matter what.

Part 3

I made a terrible mistake. We all did.

You have to believe me. I didn't know. You have to understand this. I have to tell you what happened so that you could understand it. For me.

My mind still felt like stormy seas when I got backto my apartment after the visit with Detective Kane. I felt like a castaway looking for anything solid to hold on to, but everything was looking more and more hopeless by the second. I needed
something  anything  to explain away the haunting connections that my mind was forging. I needed to wash the bloodstains off Lucy in my head.

As soon as I entered our apartment, I saw my roommate (let's call him Adam) perched on one of the bar stools in our kitchen. He had the eared hood of his Batman sweater up as he held a folded newspaper section in one hand and a cup of
coffee in the other. In spite of everything, or perhaps because of it, the normalcy of the scene was comforting. I walked in the room and sat on the bar stool next to him.

"Holy shit, dude. You looklike road kill. What the fuckhappened to you?" Adam asked, standing suddenly in surprise. I saw my reflection on microwave parallel me. I have obviously not regained the color I vomited yet. I shookmy head
before laying my chin on the cold marble of the counter top. I watched Adam walkto our fridge to grab some fruit to slice.

I considered telling him everything that went down at the police station  the rats, the hair strands, everything. He already had a general idea of what Lucy and I have been going through these past few months, and he had been a great friend to
us throughout it all. I wanted to tell him. I wanted to tell him all my suspicions and fears. I wanted to dissect the situation with an insider as opposed to mildly concerned strangers on the web. Most of all, I wanted him to tell me that I was being a
fucking idiot and there was no way in heaven or hell or anywhere in between that my girlfriend could be behind this.

But I couldn't tell him. I couldn't because saying things out loud to someone I truly knew would make the situation less of a theory and more of a reality. I couldn't handle that right now. And so all the words I rehearsed, all the thoughts
threatening an exodus from my lips, were forced backinside, doomed to remain quiet indefinitely.

"Sorry, don't answer that," he said apologetically. "I'm so sorry this is happening to you guys."

"I know, Adam. I am too."

"The son of a bitch stole your chance to propose twice too," he said as he shookhis head.

I was slightly taken abackthat he was bringing this up now, but he was right. I had planned to propose to Lucy last Halloween, and again on her birthday. Obviously, both those plans didn't pan out.

"You should eat something," he said as he put a small plate of apples and oranges in front of me. "Look, man. I gotta get backto work. Will you be okay here?"

"Yeah," I said as I waved him away. "I have to go over to meet Lucy anyway, so I'll probably see you backhere later."

He looked at me for a moment longer, perhaps gauging my level of sanity right then, before finally nodding and heading out the door. By then, the headache that began at the station had turned into a full migraine so I finished off the fruit plate
and popped an Ibuprofen before getting backto business.

There were so many questions battling for attention in my brain, and every time I thought I was approaching some clarity, I would discover that my logic wouldn't hold and I would be backto square one. I had so many things I wanted to
research, but I knew that right now, I needed to go to Lucy. If you've ever had the privilege of being in love, then you would understand what I mean when I say that I needed to find answers in her  answers that no amount of theorizing and
researching and thinking could give me.

I stood up to throw the seeds and rinds and to wash the plate before heading to the door. I was almost out when I remembered the suggestion that many of you vehemently made. I headed backto my room to retrieve an old toy hidden under
boxes of junkin my closet, thanking my younger self for packing this thing when I moved out of my childhood home. After a couple of minutes of digging, I finally found the dusty tattered box with an old teddy bear inside. Taking it out of its
box, I flipped the bear and felt around for the small Velcro. Inside the bear was a small camera and microphone capable of recording seventy-two hours straight before the battery or memory card give out. I bought this gem in a garage sale
many years ago, but this is the first time I found a chance to use it.

I appreciate your suggestions, /r/nosleep, and I thought the one about live streaming to the police was particularly clever, but I don't thinkI can do that. On the off chance that Lucy is responsible for this, I would like some time to consider what
to do before turning her in. I know it's selfish and god damn risky, but she's my girlfriend of five years and like I said, I don't want to just throw her under the bus like that.

So my compromise is this sneaky little bastard that I brought to her room in her friend's (let's call her Carrie) apartment "to watch over her" (if she only knew) as she slept. She thanked me and placed it on her dresser facing her bed, away from
the door. Carrie's apartment is a bit stuffy, and the air conditioner in the spare room (Lucy's room) was busted, so I opened a window to let some air in before lying down on Lucy's bed, inviting her with me. She rested her head on my chest and
started to listlessly trace shapes on my stomach. She felt so frail in my arms, so tiny and fragile, and as I felt her heartbeats on my ribs and the warmth of her slow breaths on my chest, I knew for certain that this girl  this beautiful, beautiful
woman in my arms  could not hurt anyone, not even rats, not other humans.

We stayed that way for the rest of the afternoon, talking about our wishes, our hopes for the future, our daydreams. I asked her what she thought of the last bookwe read together (Death on the Nile) and she explained to me in her usual
eloquence all the plot holes and foreshadows in the book. It was almost as though everything were alright in the world again, but the bear on her dresser was a constant reminder that it isn't. Several times, I tried to breach topics that have been
gripping my mind, but I couldn't bring myself to ruin the purity of the moment. I felt that after all that we've been through in the last couple of days, we deserved this moment of peace and quiet before the darkness that loomed in the horizon
came to haunt us again.

It was starting to get darkwhen Carrie returned to the apartment. She asked if we wanted to get dinner out, seeing that her fridge and pantry are devoid of any decent food. I wanted to get some research done tonight, so I begged off and told the
girls that I had to head backto my apartment to finish up some errands. I kissed Lucy goodbye and told them to be safe and to let the officer parked outside their building know where they were going.

The drive backto the apartment was a surprisingly pleasant one. I knew in my gut that Lucy couldn't do this. I know I had no definitive proof, but trust me when I say that every fiber of my being just knew. When I got backhome, Adam was in
the kitchen eating pasta. He asked if I wanted any, but I have yet to regain my appetite so I declined. I plopped into my arm chair and booted my laptop. Opening Google, I first searched for "Nancy Holmes" and was met with over twenty
million hits with nothing on the first ten pages even remotely relevant. I then searched "Nancy Holmes [university]". On the fourth page, I found a post naming her as the Editor-in-Chief of the school paper that published Lucy's short story, but
nothing beyond that. I then typed her name on Facebookand I came up with zilch. I even searched Lucy's friends list and still, nothing.

I was tempted to askAdam about it, but decided against it because I didn't want to explain my motivations behind the question. I never got the chance to know Nancy well, but what I do know is that for the first few years of college, she, Lucy
and Adam were inseparable. Adam went to the same high school as Lucy and me, but I also never interacted much with Adam much. In fact, the whole time I was in college, I didn't even know that he went to the same university as Lucy and
me. We met again by accident three years ago when we ran into each other  literally  at the local grocery store. He had just come backfrom working in another state that very day, and I was looking for a roommate. After a long
conversation that went surprisingly well, I asked if he wanted to room with me and well, as they say, the rest is history.

Now, in the interest of full disclosure, let me state the fact that in high school, Lucy and Adam used to date. I know, it's damn weird to be rooming with your girlfriend's ex, but Adam assured me that their short dalliance with romance was
nothing but adolescent experimentation and it holds no candle to our long and `adult'relationship. Anyway, he was cool and I really needed someone to split the rent with and I was never the jealous sort, so I thought it was no problem.

Like Lucy, Adam used to be a bit eccentric when we were younger. They were both the artistic sort who would go to ridiculous lengths to "feel one with nature" and all that shit. They weren't exactly outcasts, but they were nowhere near
popular either. I, on the other hand, played varsity soccer from high school all the way to college. I hung out with other Greeks then, and most of my college memories centered on drunkenness and hangovers. Our social circles did not intersect,
and to be honest, if Lucy's story weren't published in the school paper, then I would probably have never gotten to know each other at all. I was browsing through old photos of Lucy when I must have fallen asleep. I woke up, woozy and
disoriented, to the dimly lit living room. My laptop was on the coffee table and the power button was glowing slowly, signaling that it had not been touched for a while. There was a post-it stuckto the screen that said "GOT CALLED BACK TO
WORK. BE BACK LATER - ADAM." I scratched my eyes and noticed the notification light on my phone. As I slid to unlock, what I saw on my phone made my heart jump out of my throat.

Thirty missed calls from Lucy.

I stood so abruptly that vertigo hit my poor brain, but that did not stop me from running straight to my car. I called Lucy one, thrice, six times but all my attempts went to voicemail. You could not begin to fathom the fear that enveloped every
cell of my body during that excruciatingly long ten-minute drive to Carrie's apartment. I parked my car haphazardly behind two police vehicles and rushed straight to their unit. When I got there, I saw Lucy wrapped in a blanket next to Carrie
on the sofa. I ran straight to her, asking what happened. She looked at me with pleading eyes, too shaken to even speak.

"Rats," Carrie said. Her vacant eyes glued to a spot on the wall. "We were out for dinner and when we got backto the car, one of the windows was broken and there were about twenty dead rats inside."

She slowly turned her head to lookat me. "Their eyes were all gone. And someone tied each of their tails around another's neck."

She barely had the last word out before running off to the bathroom. We could hear gagging and coughing in the bathroom. I sat beside Lucy who began sobbing as I tookher into my arms. It was simultaneously better and worse that she was
finally showing emotion. I guess for the past few days, she had been so frightened beyond belief that her mind and body could no longer process any more.

I heard the officers greet someone outside the apartment. I looked up to see Detective Kane entering the apartment and making a beeline for the couch we currently occupied. He sat down on the arm chair opposite us, rubbing his hands
together as he struggled with the words that threatened to spill.

"There was another box," he said. "Inside the car."

"What was inside?" Lucy spoke so suddenly that I twitched involuntarily.

Detective Kane hesitated and ran his hands through his hair.

"Tell us, Detective," I said.

"Human teeth,"

And finally, the dam broke. Lucy was in hysterics as we heard Detective Kane's words. She kept repeating between sobs that this is all her fault and that she "can't solve this." I was shushing Lucy and rubbing her arm to console her, but inside, I
felt so numb. I was so tired of being scared, tired of looking backover my shoulder constantly in fear that the mother fucking bastard would hurt me. I wanted to give up, to just throw the towel in and run away. It wasn't my problem anyway,
and I don't thinkanyone would blame me for wanting to protect my own life. But feeling the tightening grip that Lucy had on my arm, well, I knew I couldn't leave her. Not now, not ever.

The rest of the night passed by quickly, and by two in the morning, Detective Kane convinced me to head home for a bit to catch some sleep. He assured me that there were two officers stationed outside Carrie's apartment and another two at
mine so we would be safe. I didn't want to leave Lucy, but at this point, she had already been asleep for three hours and I had the worst trouble sleeping when sharing the bed with someone. The onslaught of another migraine did it for me. I took
one long lookat her sleeping form before kissing her forehead and finally driving home.

It was quiet in the apartment when I get backwith the dim light of the lamp I left on as the only source of illumination in the house. I had a raging migraine taking over and the adrenaline was losing out, so I went straight to the bedroom and went
to sleep.

I woke up a several hours later, feeling slightly better but still groggy. I stood up from bed and saw that the sun was just beginning to peekfrom the horizons. I checked Adam's room and found that it was empty, so I headed to the kitchen to make
myself coffee. With the warm mug in my hand, I sat backdown on the same arm chair I occupied only four hours ago and brought my laptop backto life. The first thing I noticed was that I was deep into the archives of Lucy's Facebookphotos
when I fell asleep. It was a photo of her sitting on a patch of grass of our university, laughing and reaching out for the camera or whoever was there. She had violet hair in her photo, which means that this was around the time that we met again.
I clicked backand saw a photo of her and Nancy Holmes laughing at something only they know. Three more photos of her and Nancy when finally 

THAT SON OF A BITCH

Glaring at me with the harsh light of my computer screen was a photo of Adam kissing the cheekof a grinning Lucy. Photo after photo after photo of Adam and Lucy with the caption, "the last good day with the love of my life". So they had
been together in college! She was wearing the same clothes are the previous photos with Nancy so this was probably taken on the same day. I clicked backand saw even more pictures of Lucy and Adam, each one with a unique sentimental
messages of goodbye. Goodbye? My mind was backin the tempestuous seas, and clear and coherent thought abandoned me completely. What the fucking hell was happening?! I knew that Lucy had a boyfriend who died in a car crash, but how
the fuckcould it be Adam? Wouldn't she have said something in the million and one times that she saw him?

I must have been sitting for so long with my mouth agape when, like a bullet train to the skull, suddenly, it made sense. I thought backto the times that Lucy would visit the apartment, and every other possible moment that Adam and Lucy could
have met. I realized that I have never actually seen them together in the same room. Adam was always out when Lucy would come visit the apartment, and given Adam's graveyard shift job, we never got the chance to go out for lunch or
dinner or even god damn brunch.

But if Adam has been gone for five years, then who the fuckwas I living with for the last three years?!

I was hyperventilating, possibly on the verge of fainting, when I heard knocking on my door. I felt like dread itself was melted and injected to my veins. Was it Adam? What the fuckwas happening?! There were three knocks again, followed by
the muffled self-identification of the person on the other side.

I stood up shakily and headed for the door. I opened it slowly and was greeted by a solemn-looking Detective Kane on the other side. He tookone deep breath before releasing to the air the four words that broke my universe 

"Zeke, Lucy is missing."

Part 4

We will all have that moment  that one particular moment that will strike us like a lightning bolt scorned, marking us so deeply and permanently that everything that happened yesterday backward becomes Before and all that will happen
tomorrow onward becomes After. I thought Halloween 2014 would be my moment, but no. The night that Lucy disappeared was my moment.

"Zeke, Lucy is missing."

The hurricane of emotions that followed those four words could not be penned down even if I tried. My brain must have shut down, but my body knew exactly what to do. I ran straight out of my apartment, leaving the vehement screams of
protest of Detective Kane in the air. I sprinted the ten blocks that connected Carrie's apartment to mine. Coherent thought abandoned me and all I could do was concentrate on my breathing that came in short and shallow sporadic bursts. With
every inhale, I said her name. With every exhale, I said his.

Panting and drenched in sweat, I arrived in front of her building, cursing the incompetent bastards who were supposed to protect her from harm. Their apologies didn't mean shit if they couldn't bring her back. I rushed up the stairs to their
second floor unit, but the adrenaline that pushed me forward evaporated into the humid air as I stood in the apartment's doorway. I willed my muscles to move toward the place where the love of my life was last seen. My limbs did not respond.

I stood there unmoving, a thousand and one scenarios in quicksuccessions like a broken projector in my mind, each one worse than the last. The guilt of leaving her. The fear of never seeing her again. The terror that I might =be next. Where
was she? Who had her? I knew that none of these questions were ensured answers, but still I hoped as I walked toward the unassuming shut door. All else faded to a blur and my eyes could not see anything beyond my destination. I barely
registered Carrie's hysterical apologies, Detective Kane's bellows forbidding me to enter, the officers'pleas for me to stop walking. All these did not matter because I knew what was waiting for me on the other side.

I knew because I smelled it before I saw it. The metallic odor mingled with the smell of vomit assaulted my nostrils as I opened the room. I felt around the wall nearby for the light switch, and with a faint click, suddenly all was illuminated. And
all was red.

Blood. Blood everywhere. Rorschach in crimson on the walls, on the bed, on every fucking surface in her room. Everything converged on the bed. There was so much pooling in the bed and elsewhere that I knew right then that no one could
survive losing this much blood. As the realization hit me, my lungs forgot to function.

Short and shallow breaths. Inhale. Lucy. Exhale. Dead. Inhale. Adam. Exhale. Gone.

In seconds, I succumbed to the darkness.

When I came to, I was backin my apartment and the sun was starting to set. I sat up, rubbing my throbbing temples as I did. On my side table was Detective Kane's calling card with a messy "we're just outside" scribbled on the corner. Next to
it was a glass of water and my pillbox. With shaking hands, I opened the tab marked with "F" and quickly downed the Ibuprofen and little pinkPPP that have apparently been waiting for me for a week(two?). It tooka moment to remember
everything, but when the macabre game of cat and mouse played again in my mind, I wished that I never woke up again. Slowly, I stood up and tooktentative steps out my room and toward the door at the other side of the hall.

It's ridiculous how much we take for granted all the time, how willing we are to place trust on people just because they seem to mean well or they say the right things to cloud reason and tug on the heart. My universe was a fucking cruncher,
and now the void has become a vengeful blackhole, stealing away every single light of hope in its path. Trust is not a card to be dealt loosely, and we all learn this the hard way.

My hand lingered on the cold doorknob of Adam's door. My heart was aflutter, like it decided to dance wildly one last time before finally, finally giving up. I could feel every hair on my skin rise toward the gravity of the unknown in his room.
Slowly, I turned the knob and pushed open the door. I had no clue what I would find inside, but whatever vague guesses my imagination mustered did not come close to reality.

I stood in the threshold of his room, unable to wrap my head around what I was seeing. The room that Adam lived in for three years  walls painted blue littered with creaseless posters of superheroes and villains, the bed that was never made,
the aged guitar leaning against the steel bookshelf stacked haphazardly with paperbacks  was empty. Everything was gone  furniture, books, Adam  and the only proof that any human entered this room in recent history was sitting in the
middle of the room.

A nondescript shoebox taped all over with the "GAME OVER ;)" written in big, bold letters on the cover was waiting to be found.

I tookthree strides to close the space between me and the offending item. I sat on the floor, too exhausted to keep the grip of fear firm on my soul. I slowly unwound the tape. With every pull, the dread washed away from my body until I was
left with nothing. Nothing but numbness.

I opened the box. Inside was my teddy cam, stained with a bloody handprint on its face and holding a card with "I WIN" written in big, bold letters.

He was taunting me. The motherfucking bastard was taunting me.

I wanted to win. I wanted to run out of this damn apartment and hand the box to the police without ever seeing the horrors it undoubtedly held within. But I love a good mystery and this was one I vowed to solve. I tookout the camera, leaving
the bloodied bear in its box in Adam's room. I plugged it to my laptop, and with bated breath, I pressed play.

"Thanks for this, babe!" I heard Lucy's voice say. I felt my heart constrict as I wondered if I would ever get to hear her beautiful voice in person again.

"No problem," I heard myself this time. "Why don't you put it by your dresser so you could have him watch over you?"

"Good idea," there was some movement before the frame stabilized. I saw myself entering the frame from the left corner not within the camera's range of sight. I crawled onto Lucy's bed and she followed soon after. I knew what this was, and
I couldn't bring myself to watch it  not today, not with her still missing. I pressed the fast forward button and I saw our last good conversation replay in heightened speed. I could feel tears inching slowly away from my eyes, as though every
single drop wanted to get as far away as possible from these damn eyes doomed to see the mistakes and misery of the rest of me.

A minute or two later, I saw light streaming in from the living room as the door opened. Without bothering to switch on the lights, I entered carrying Lucy in my arms. I slowly put her in bed before lying down beside her, lightly tracing the
contours of her arm as I watched over her as she slept. The microphone picked up my humming too. I pressed the fast forward button again.

Detective Kane entered the room. I could hear him trying to convince me to get some rest. I hesitated for a moment. I almost screamed at the me shown on the video to say no, to listen to what my instinct was telling me at the moment  that I
should watch over Lucy. Oh god, Lucy. I saw that I had already agreed, and with one last kiss on her forehead, I followed Detective Kane out and closed the door. With the living room light cut out, darkness swallowed most of the room whole,
with the exception of weakrays of the moonlight coming from the left corner through the window.

I stared at the darkness. I watched the blackscreen, knowing that my Lucy was there lying in bed, dreaming and unaware. The mouse pointer was going berserkas my hands trembled in sickening anticipation for what I knew would come. In
my last ditch effort to keep her alive, I did not press fast forward. Five minutes, ten, thirty, sixty, an hour and a half, two, three  I sat there in front of my computer, watching the darkness, imagining Lucy.

Suddenly, a shadow disturbed the light of the moon on the floor. Surprised by the sudden movement, I clicked replay. I saw it again. I saw a silhouette of a man with small triangular shapes atop each side of the head. He was entering through the
window  THE SAME FUCKING WINDOW I OPENED MYSELF EARLIER THAT DAY. I saw his outline move into the frame from the left corner of the room. A flicker of recognition at the sight of those batman ears on his head crossed
my mind as I watched the assailant enter the belly of darkness. My breath caught in my throat as I waited for his next move.

I heard the weakcreakof a bedspring disturbed. There was a pause, followed by a soft gasp, and then more silence.

A million years must have passed before the next sound came, and had I not been waiting for it, I might have not heard it at all. "What are you doing here?" It was Lucy. She sounded so calm  so freakishly calm  as though her words were
sighed out with a smile. My mind raced to make sense of this anomaly  did she know him? Was she expecting him?

My answer came in the form of the unmistakable sound of kissing.

I could almost feel the physical pain brought by the crumbling of my heart. It's such a small organ. How much more can it take? Who was she kissing? To whom did she loosely deal her card of trust?

"It was you, wasn't it?" she asked. I was so lost in my thought that for a moment, I thought that it was me she was speaking to. I could not hear the man's voice, so I didn't know if he was even responding at all.

"I had a feeling it was you. I solved it as usual. I solved you." I caught the telltale intonation of her gloating. He was another puzzle, another mystery she solved. Did you know, my darling? Did you know that your love for mysteries would be
what would make you one?

"You really scared me though," she sighed with what sounded suspiciously like contentment. "I was so worried someone else found out."

"How did you even know about Jane and Nancy?" her voice sounded more and more like stifled breaths with every word. "You were probably watching me the wh time, weren't you? Fuck, that turns me o--" DID SHE JUST FUCKING
MOAN?!

"Thankyou for the gift, baby," she said, pausing at every syllable as she struggled to get the words out. "I'm so lucky to have ever found you."

I heard a sharp intake of breath before 

"What is that? What are you doing?" her voice remained barely above a whisper, but the years I spent with her made me ever more sensitive of her unsaid truths. I knew what the breakin her voice meant and I knew it wasn't because of
whatever secrets their movements wrote in the shadows. "What the -- WHOSE WERE THOSE?! You son of a -- DID YOU KILL HIM TOO?!"

Have you ever helped out in the slaughter of a pig? Have you ever heard the sound that is made when the knife swiftly slices the flesh apart? Because I heard that sound. And I heard the sound of words drowning in its owner's blood. I heard the
sound of skin being pierced and the sound of the pathetic whimper that followed every stab. I heard the bedsprings creakwith her struggle. I heard her muffled cries, her labored breaths, slowly getting fainter and fainter until going, going, gone.
It only tookfive minutes to undo a life.

No amount of anger or resentment for Lucy's indiscretions could have reduced the horror that my soul experienced. /r/nosleep, I hope to all deities that live and have lived that you never, ever have to get to experience anything fucking close to
the god damn experience of witnessing the love of your life die.

An infinity of stillness in the belly of darkness passed. It tookanother ten minutes before any sound was made. It started with the creaks of the bedspring, then a soft thud on the floor. I watched as the pool of her blood infiltrated the moonlight
shining on the floor. I wanted to vomit. I wanted to vomit and maybe this memory could be vomited away too. I wanted to claw the memory out of my skin as I listened to his grunts of exertion, as I watched the mattress laid onto the floor, as I

watched her hair rise and drip with blood as he carried the unmoving body of my girlfriend. I listened to the sounds that came from what I could not see - a muted thud, the grunts, those bedsprings creaking. I listened until there was nothing to
hear. I watched until there was nothing to see.

She was gone.

I stared at the darkscreen, unable to move at the wake of the horror that I had just witnessed. I stared at the darkscreen for two, maybe three minutes and then I noticed movement in the camera. I saw the frame move slowly toward the
window where the moon lit the scene. I watched as slowly, excruciatingly slowly, the camera tipped upward until --

"Game over," he said. "I win"

It wasn't Adam.

It was me.

But it was you too.

I'm so sorry, Lucy.

This is my last one - the nondescript shoe box taped all over with "THANK YOU FOR PLAYING ;)" written in big, bold letters on the cover for all of you. I was sure you love a good mystery too, so I did it for you, /r/nosleep. I did all of this for
you.

                                I am a virgin, and a male, with all my masculine organs... so how am I hospitalized now with a fetus growing inside of me?

                                                                                                                        by TheRealMugen
                                                                                                                 Runner Up - May Monthly Contest


Part 1

They told me I had a hernia at first. From the descriptions of the pain, to the physical manifestation in my abdomen, I believed they were right. But no matter how many physicians I talked to, none could explain why the mass was moving so
much.

"When you move, any large appendage will obviously sway or jiggle with you," said Dr. Thompson, over his little round glasses. He let his white hair grow long, down to his shoulders. "Like when a fat man waddles away, and his belly waddles
with him," he smiled about that.

But I didn't feel like smiling. I wasn't fat, but I had been getting my share of jabs in class. Even my Biology professor cast me a sly kind of grin as one of the students asked him if men could get pregnant too, looking from me to him. Was I
really getting that big?

Then, come April, they dropped the news. I had indeed become a freakish anomaly, the first known case in history. I had testicles, a penis, a beard, and a baby growing inside of me. Dr. Thompson wasn't smiling anymore when the technician
brought him the results of my ultrasound. I couldn't tell what he was feeling by the lookon his face. Was he confused? Disconcerted... disgusted?

I knew I was. I wouldn't blame him if his thin mouth was grimacing in disgust as he flipped through the printouts, knitting his brow tighter with every page. I was extremely disgusted.

"I'm still a virgin," I blathered, without thinking. I felt at that moment like he needed to know this bit of information, though I was sure it would only confuse him even more. He looked backup at me with that blankstare. "I've never had sex."

"Mr. Peterson," he said, softening his voice as if he was suddenly speaking to a ten-year-old. "I can assure you that in the present circumstances, whether or not you've had sexual intercourse is not even a blip on the radar of the absurdity of
what is happening here. You are man, yes?"

"Yes."

"When you masturbate, white sperm comes out the end, yes?"

A little more hesitantly this time, "... Yes."

"You do not have a tiny little vagina hiding somewhere between your testicles and your anus, yes?"

"Yes... I mean, no. I don't have... a vagina."

That was fucking awkward. I was almost tempted to reach my fingers down to my scrotum to feel just to be sure, but I resisted the urge. Suddenly I was reminded of all of those vicious teenagers on League of Legends, assuring me that I must
have a vagina by the way I play Carry on the bottom lane:

Soraka: Get more harass, you pussy. I can starfall harder than you can thrust.

"The good news is that he's developing normally," the doctor couldn't help but giggle to himself about this. Without realizing it, I had taken to stroking my belly the way I had seen pregnant women. "The bad news is that, by law," he emphasized
this, as if spitting on it, "it's too far along to abort it."

"What the fuck?" I blurted out before I could stop myself. "I'm a Man. How am I supposed to give birth?"

As flustered as I was, it felt absurd to be saying those words aloud. Not in a thousand years could I have imagined that I would someday be saying that. But the thought of people slapping legality on this was absolutely insane.

"You should know there are protesters outside right now," he said. "Some people thinkthis heralds the second coming of Christ. Not only born from a virgin, but a man."

That really hit home. Others knew what was happening? I didn't have to askabout the news. If a group of protesters outside knew what was happening, then surely the news would be broadcasting my face and my protruding belly on all of their
channels. But the second coming of Jesus? If there is a God, he must fucking hate me.

"There's just one thing you should know," he said. "There is something very strange about this child in your abdomen. Obviously you do not have a uterus or any type of device for distributing nutrients to the growing fetus. What this means to
us, is that this thing that seems so human must be exhibiting... parasitic qualities."

I felt the blood run from my face. He must have known what kind of effect that word would evoke. He had to know.

"So we need to keep you hospitalized, so we can monitor how much it is absorbing of your body. And we need to make sure its growth doesn't cause too much more impact on your internal organs as it has already done. You should actually be
thankful that you were a... hefty boy to begin with. It cleared out those fat pockets like a little nursery for itself.

"Needless to say," here he stopped again. The whole time he had been creeping around what he truly wanted to say, choosing his words as wisely as he could. I couldn't blame him. This whole thing was like a nightmare. "Needless to say, a host
of other physicians and myself will be putting our heads together to make sure everything goes as smoothly as possible."

"Great," I said, unable to keep the contempt out of my voice. "That makes me feel so warm and fuzzy."

Part 2

They taped oven mitts on his hands because he couldn't stop scratching. Even now, he can't stop trying. He says all the time that his belly itches to nine levels of hell. Before they put the mitts on, Evan scratched so hard that his stomach started
bleeding all over the place. They pulled pieces of skin out from under his fingernails. But he said he didn't feel a thing. Not anymore.

At this point I should tell you that this is his friend typing for him. My name is Edward, and I've known Evan since we were kids. I could tell he was reluctant to call me, but he said the people of The Internets needed to know what was happening
here. So I agreed to come be his ghost-writer.

Now, the ghost-writing part is starting to not be applicable. Now I'm feeling more like a documentarian, because Evan is becoming increasingly incapacitated. At first he was dictating to me, but now I am observing and writing. For some reason
they started a morphine drip into his IV, and he's started lapsing in and out of consciousness. I don't know enough about pregnancy to say if this is weird... but then again the whole fucking thing is insane.

Turns out the only reason I was able to come be by his side was because his adopted parents don't want anything to do with him or the publicity surrounding everything. I had to get a letter from them stating that Evan has no family anymore,
and to let me assume the kindred responsibilities of being by his side because if not me, then no one else would be there.

But I haven't told him that. Not yet.

Several hours ago I slipped out of his room to get something to eat from the cafeteria. When I was just past the nurses'station, I could hear some doctors talking with them about the patient in room 9. That was Evan's room, so I leaned in to hear
as much as I could.

"... exhibiting profound reactions to the intravenous nutrients," came a woman's voice. "The fetus is literally absorbing all of it, leaving trace amounts for the host-" she cleared her throat. "I mean for the parent."

"We might as well call it what it is," a masculine voice responded. "We know the thing is exhibiting parasitic qualities. Why are we even treating this is if it is a human child? It needs to be removed. Even the host knows. Don't flinch, the boy is a
host, Sandra. He is a host to a freakishly giant parasite and even he knows it needs to be removed, or else he wouldn't have been clawing his stomach to shreds."

The silence was thickas ice. Without seeing their faces, I knew the woman doctor was probably reeling.

"It looks like a child though," she said at last, a little defensively. "You've seen the ultrasounds and the CT printouts. If it is exhibiting parasitic qualities, then why does it lookso much like a human fetus?"

"Only way to know is to cut it out and see."

"You can't-"

"No, but with the Hospital Administration's support, I can."

Suddenly the male doctor was walking briskly out from behind the walls. He gave me a quick, suspect lookbefore turning on his heels and capering down the hallway. My stomach growled, but still I remained rooted to the spot for a little longer.
The slight against the woman was too obvious, too reproachful. Finally, she spoke again:

"Did you hear that, Michael?" she was whispering. Even I could barely hear her. I leaned in closer and held my breath. "We don't have much more time."

There was a crackling sound, like a radio transmitter buzzing with static. The static broke with a beep, and a voice replied, simply: "I heard. We'll up the Amino Acid injections."

As hungry as I was, I knew I couldn't leave Evan now. I turned backfrom the corridor, to walkbackto room number 9, but before I reached it, I heard someone scream from his room. It was one of the nurses, calling for a doctor. She threw the
curtain aside, revealing a bloody mess in the bed where I had left Evan. In her hand was a scalpel, dripping red from the blade.

The nurse left the door open and ran for a doctor, otherwise they probably wouldn't have let me in. I've never been able to handle much gore. The whole incident with Evan clawing at his stomach was enough to leave me adequately unhinged,
but I knew that he would want me to see what has happening. He wants `The Internets'to know.

As soon as I stepped into the room, a wave of nausea hit me. It smelled like he had shit all over himself, but if he had, he made no attempt to tell me, or apologize. He was just sitting there, smiling at me while flailing his arms around wildly.
Blood was trailing from his fingertips, spattering across the white walls and the white of his bed sheets.

"I won't tell them you gave it to me," he said in a wicked kind of voice that sounded nothing like him. "I'll tell them I found the scalpel. Hehe."

"Scalpel? What are you talking about?"

But before he could respond, his head fell backagainst the pillow. He must have blacked out again. They said it was a symptom of the growing fetus'impact on his body, but it was getting more frequent. What really worried me though was the
fresh blood creeping out of his belly region, through his gown.

Then, I saw why he was talking about a scalpel. He had dug a hole right into his abdomen with something sharp enough to carve into skin. I remembered him telling me that the fetus was embedded just beneath the skin amongst the fatty tissue,
not far at all. He must have tried to cut it out. He had said something about that in his morphine haze, but I never thought he was serious.

Hand strong as iron wrapped around my wrists. Someone was telling me I had to go now. There was a whole army of nurses and doctors, rushing to his side and checking his vitals. But as I was being dragged away, I saw something. I know I
saw it. Since that moment I've questioned myself a hundred times, but I have to trust what I saw.

A tiny, pinklooking finger, coated in a thicklayer of blood was reaching up from his abdomen. It was rising from the bleeding hole he had cut into himself, groping like a worm from soil. Then, the door snapped shut.

The last thing I heard before being taken farther away was the shout of the woman doctor I had heard talking before:

"It's time. Let's get him into OR."

For a second, I almost thought she sounded giddy as she said that.

Part 3

Once word went round, I thought the protestors would have hauled off their signs and gone home. But the news of the child's birth only sent them capering around and cheering. I wasn't sure what was more horrifying: the fact that Evan passed
away during his `child-birth,'or that the pro-life supporters only give a shit about the child and not the host. Host. Yes, that's what he was. That's all he was supposed to be.

Doctor Thompson came to me in the waiting room, where the second-hand on the clockhad been ticking away eternities one after another. My nails are bitten down to stubs now, a couple fingers bleeding where I bit too far. Somehow I knew
this was what was coming. That pink, bloody little finger protruding from the cavity Evan carved out of his own stomach was never far from my thoughts.

"Your Evan's friend, yes?" he asked over his oval glasses.

"Yes."

Evan had told me about this doctor long before he became a part of a group of physicians, supposedly better suited to see him through the operation. He said he trusted Dr. Thompson, and only him. I wished he would have been coherent
enough for me to tell him about the other doctor from yesterday, the one who sought the administration's support to abort the abomination nestled above his intestines. But what good would it have done? He would still be dead, all the same.

"Come with me," the doctor said, turning to leave before giving me the chance to reply.

He tookme past the E.R. rooms where Evan and I had waited a couple days prior. We swept down a few more halls until he stopped before a set of double-doors with a keycard access. He swiped his badge and the doors opened up to a flight of
stairs that only led down.

"Where are we going?" I asked, still too mentally fatigued to really care.

In response, he merely closed the doors behind us and came up close to me. His breath stankof vodka and cherries. Only then did I realize just how intoxicated he must have been, steadying himself by laying a hand on my shoulder.

"That bitch did this," he whispered. "Tell me, did Evan come to ER before this started happening, for any reason at all?"

He had. I knew that because I was the reason why. We were pledging for a fraternity and I pushed him to drinkway more than he ought to have. He always said he was sickof being a virgin, so I thought the alcohol would bring him to brave it
out better. But all it gave him was a hefty dose of alcohol poisoning. He had to go have his stomach pumped, and, yes... it occurred to me.

"Yes," I said. "He told me they tooka blood-test to confirm that he wasn't mixing any other drugs as well."

"Your friend has... or rather, had a rare blood type. Any other physician would have recognized it as O+, but this woman has been waiting for someone with the subtle variation that he had. The type of variation that could support a parasitic
being."

All I could do was laugh.

"You're drunk," I said. "You're living some kind of drunken, Sci-Fi fantasy plot in your head."

He only shookhis head and stared at me in silence. Now caught, he boldly lifted a flaskfrom his inner pocket and tookanother nip before offering it to me. I refused, and he stood there for moments longer before an idea illuminated his eyes.

"Down the staircase three levels," he said, pointing to the stairs. "Take a right, pass two doors leading left and then take the first one to open up on the right."

"What?"

"You won't believe me, yes? See for yourself. And do what must be done."

"What do you mean, do what must be done?"

"Do what I could not."

Before I could raise another appeal, he disappeared behind the doors in a briskpace. The words registered several more times in my head, with no more meaning than the first. Still, there was a feeling bubbling in the pit of my stomach; a kind
of subterranean knowledge. Do what must be done. So I tookthe stairs leading down.

I followed his directions as instructed. Once three flights down, I felt as though I was in a different complex entirely. The walls were bare concrete, and the floor was spotted with puddles. Even those I could barely see because the only lighting
was a single trail of light bulbs hanging from the ceiling, spaced out at least ten yards apart. Beyond the feeble yellow circles, all else was blackas pitch.

I passed the first door without looking in. Was I going to find his body here? I couldn't imagine why it would not be above ground where the rest of the rooms and physicians were. Once I reached the second door, I was pulled in like an insect to
a filament.

I looked through the square window and saw a man with a belly almost as large as Evan's was. But he wasn't moving. He was laid upon a bare mattress which was the only piece of furniture in the room. Beneath him something green and black
was pooling into the fabric. And below that, the liquid spilled out onto the concrete floor, amassing in a tar-like puddle.

Reluctantly, I pried away to continue down the hall. After ten more light-bulb markers, the first door on the right stood wide open, an arc of yellow spilling out into the corridor. This room was different. Very different. The floor was carpeted in
baby-blue colors that mixed well with the navy colored walls. On the walls were painted white balloons and teddy bears, floating around the walls.

I stepped in farther to find an oversized crib, painted as white as the wall dcor. Four aspen pillars twisted up like candy-canes, all joined together with ornate wood strips linking them together. Closer I stepped, to find what remained of Evan's
body.

I apologize if I sound heartless as I write this. When I found him, I was mortified, but more than anything, I was confused beyond expression. I felt as though I had walked into an alternate dimension. Now, as I write this, enough time has passed
that I do not feel the wounds so fresh anymore. As you know, I missed yesterday's entry. That is because of what happened after I found his bleeding corpse in the crib.

I stepped in closer yet, because I thought I saw something small making a crunching sound beside him. But as I got closer, the door behind me snapped shut so fast that I dropped my tablet on the carpet. I ran backto the window and tried to tug
it open, but nothing happened. Looking through the window, I saw two faces: one sneering and one ashamed.

Dr. Thompson spoke first, "You have to forgive me. I... I have no choice."

His voice was muffled as it came through the door. So too was the woman's voice muffled, but even so, I recognized it as belonging to the female doctor I had overheard at the nurse's station two days ago.

"He had a choice," she said, still sneering. "Just like you did. You could have chosen to walkaway, but I'm glad you didn't. Dr. Thompson here would have made a horrible feeder for the child. He's all bone and grizzle and alcohol."

"I'm so sorry," he said again.

"Someone will find me," I said. I still couldn't completely understand what was happening to me, but I knew I should be scared for my life. "All of the other nurses. The doctors, everyone knows I have been here."

"They all belong to me," she smiled, in that same sickkind of way. "We have been waiting a long time to find the right host for this... experiment. And now, our day will finally come."

I beat on the door until my knuckles grew bloody, and I screamed as loud as I could until I lost my voice entirely. The two of them merely stepped away, and I saw no one else since.

Again, I heard the crunching sound coming from the crib. Cautiously, I came in closer, and I found the source of the noise. There beside Evan was the small baby boy. No, not small, for a baby. It looked like it was already the size of a toddler,
almost as though it was growing right before my eyes. But it paid no attention to me. It merely continued crunching away on Evan's rib bones, licking the marrow as its sharp teeth cracked them open.

Then I knew what I was. I was the second course for this fast growing... thing. If it could grow this fast, I would certainly feed it into young adulthood. And then what?

I didn't have long to askmyself that question before I approached the crib and reached down to strangle it. But before my hands could reach its neck, it looked up at me. Its vertical, slit pupils dilated as it looked upon my face. For a moment, it
looked demonic, but then the moment was gone. And it smiled.

"Daddy," he said, smiling. "Hi, daddy."

I can't explain it. Even now, as I sit here with my tablet burning the last 20% of its battery, typing to you people. I don't know why, but I do not want you to come lookfor me. I do not want to be found by anyone. Suddenly, I feel more fulfilled
than I've ever known.

Who knows, maybe he won't devour me. Maybe I am supposed to be this being's Father. Nothing would make me happier.

                                                                                   My grandmother used to warn me about Stick Indians.

                                                                                                                      by LittleMissBiteMe
                                                                                                              Runner Up - May Monthly Contest


I'm from a Native American family. Not the "My great-great-great grandmother was a Cherokee princess" native--the real deal. We eat fried bread at least once every two weeks and I can tan all summer long without getting a hint of a
sunburn, unlike my blindingly white friends.

If you're from a native family, you know the stories. You don't whistle at night because it attracts the StickIndians. You stay away from the creekat night because we don't fuckwith the Little People, and you give Sasquatch his goddamn beef
jerky and leave him the fuckalone.

These are all things I've accepted as a fact of life, told to me by my Gramma, a member of the Okanagon band in Canada. Now, I had never seen anything to quite backup her stories, but I'd heard the shrill, shrieking screams of the Stick
Indians. I'd heard the stories of my family when they would go hunting and find things. Things that would call out to you from the bushes. Things that push your truckin the middle in the night and scream at you. And, my favorite nightmare,
the StickIndians that like to attackthose that are stupid enough to attract them. I went to bed hearing how they grow their tribes by finding pregnant women, ripping open their wombs and tearing out infants to raise as their own. I used to imagine
their long, thin fingers splicing open my stomach, mangling my insides as they searched for something inside of me. I wasn't about to test the boundaries. I like living, thankyou very much.

Despite my wariness of the unknown, I still enjoy the outdoors. Hiking, camping, rappelling, fishing, you name it, I've done it. I'll spend hours outside if I can during the day. When the sun comes down, however, so do I. I stickclose to the fire
until the sun comes backup, and it's safe to be out and about once more.

For my seventeenth birthday, my friends and I went camping. I had to beg my parents to let me (a seventeen year old girl spending the night, away from adult supervision, with boys?) but, with the art of persuasion I planned on using towards
my future law degree, I managed to convince them with the facts that, at seventeen, I was going to be on my own soon and having larger amounts of freedom might help me adjust the the big, scary ol' world a little better. They eventually
(although reluctantly) agreed on letting me go "just this once!" with the promise of a liquor-, drug-, and sex-free night amongst the trees.

As if.

We arrived at the camping spot during midday, the six of us. Peyton, my best friend, had picked the spot. He promised a level clearing, a nearby path to the lake, and a serene view of the stars above us at night to be seen in a pot-induced haze.
He didn't disappoint.

I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful spot. Washington is known as the Evergreen State for a reason, and the towering pines were worthy of pictures far exceeding the capability of my phone. I knew that at night, I'd be imagining all the
things that could be looming at me among their branches, but in the daylight, I reveled in breathing in their heavy scent.

While Caleb set up the tent, Peyton and Sha'and I unloaded the truck, leaving Derian and Andy to organize. Derian first tried to shrug off organizing duties, claiming "I'm a guy, Serena. I don't know if you know this or not, but guys don't
organize. That's what girls ar--"

My feministic glare did well to shut him up fast, and my tongue cut him enough to make him fully appreciate the arts and skills of putting up camp in a well sorted, organized fashion that really everyone should learn to master.

After setting up and setting more than a few hot dogs on fire, Derian redeemed himself in my eyes by presenting to me an illegally obtained bottle of cinnamon whiskey, cheerfully added to our mugs of hot chocolate. Tipsy, they started
begging me for ghost stories.

"Come on, Serena. We're camping, it's dark, this is what you're supposed to do," Peyton pointed out, in his most charming tone possible. "What's the worst that could happen?"

"Well," I started, ready to point out that it could very well call them all forth and get our throats ripped out, but before I could finish, Caleb chimed in.

"Please," Caleb added. "For me?"

I blushed. Caleb had been my team captain, and although I tried hard to hide my crush, I'm sure it somehow bubbled over the sides and leaked out anyways. I admired his dedication and talent to our shared love of wrestling, and over the hours
spent dying together, we soon had become close friends.

I sighed, defeated. "Fiiiine. Which one do you want to hear about this time?"

A low voice spoke up. "I want to hear about the stickpeople," Andy requested, leaning forward in her chair.

I winced. "The StickIndians? Are you sure?" I questioned, unwilling to relinquish my tales about them.

She nodded eagerly, her hair shaking wildly. I could see pine needles in it from our earlier excursions.

I sat back, my tongue loosened by the alcohol. "Well, they say that it was once a normal tribe, you know? They were tall, dark, with cascading blackhair. They weren't always bad. But one day, in the fall, it started snowing early, and it didn't
stop.

"The people there ran out of food, having not expected the long winter ahead of them, and before long, they were starving. Their hair started falling out, and what was left hung, long and stringy. Their faces grew gaunt and pale. Their throats
grew dry and their voices turned hoarse, until they sounded like shrill screeches when they tried to talk. Their nails turned brittle, their skin tightened on their frames until they were thin like sticks.

"The chief needed to feed his people, but their was no food to feed them. The deer were gone, the rabbits scarce. The birds had long flew south. Their neighbors refused to share their own dwindling food supply. There was no other option.

"They came at night. They crept into the woods, towards the nearest tribe. They followed the sounds of whistling to the camp, and they attacked.

"The screaming filled the air, echoing in the valley for miles. The StickIndians were ruthless, slicing open skin with nails sharpened by hunger, tearing mouthfuls of flesh with hungry teeth. Once repulsed by the thought, they couldn't stop
devouring the first fresh meat they'd tasted in months. It was delectable, sweet blood pouring from their mouths that they licked off the dirt, not willing to let the soil have what they so badly desired. When the sun rose, the StickIndians felt, for
the first time, full. They slept, no longer kept awake by the dull prongs of hunger.

"At night, they awoke to the sounds of whistling.

"They went to them, pricks of hunger iching their feet faster."

It was silent. Then:

Whistling.

I threw the closest thing to me at Caleb, who batted it away, laughing. "It's not funny!" I growled, looking around furtively into the darkpines around us. "You don't mess with that kind of shit."

He looked somber. "I'm sorry, Serena. I promise not to call the crazy imaginary friends you have to come hang out with us. I just thought they might want to have a few s'mores with us."

I scowled at him, and opened my mouth to snipe backbefore Sha'opened hers. "Why don't we play a game?" She peace offered, looking between us. "Like hide-and-go-seek?"

I bit my lip as the others nodded, chiming in their approval. "I don't know," I said. "What time is it?"

Peyton rolled his eyes as Andy whipped out her phone. "2:23," she answered.

I thought it over. "As long as we're all done by 3." It was well known that I refused to be outside or away from the campfire during the hour between 3 and 4am. It was called the witching hour, when all the spirits came out and everything ran
free.

They agreed, and Caleb was chosen as the first seeker. "1, 2, 3, 4..." I could hear him as I sprinted away, determined to find the best possible spot before he reached 100.

"17, 18, 19, 20...."

Twenty odd yards away, I stopped, panting slightly, squinting my eyes in the dark. I could barely hear his voice in the distance. "74, 75, 76, 77...." I stooped down below some low hanging branches, huddling up in fetal position against the trunk,
trying to quiet my breathing.

"Ready or not, here I come!" Caleb's voice echoed.

I scrunched up tighter, my ears alert. I couldn't hear any footsteps, and soon found my eyes heavy, dripping closed as I waited to be found, or for the loud "Olly olly oxen free!" of defeat. I let them close, leaning my head forward on my
knees.

My head snapped up with the shrill whistling in not-so distance. My eyes, no longer weighed by the liquor, were wide. I could hear the crackling of footsteps on dry branches, shuffling around the fallen pine needles. The whistling drew closer,
and I could feel my heart pounding in fear. My watch glowed faintly in the blackness. 2:49. How had Caleb not found me yet? Had I slept through the call? I was sure whatever was out there was going to kill me, rake my flesh from my bones
and suckout the marrow.

The footsteps stopped a few yards from the tree where I was hiding. Then:

A clap.

I sighed with relief. Kind of like a "marco!," we clapped to try and find the others. I clapped back, listening to the footsteps shuffle towards me.

The branches swayed around me, and Caleb's pale face loomed in the black. He squinted at me. "Serena? Is that you?"

I launched myself at him. "I was so scared," I scolded him, trembling. "I thought you were a StickIndian." I whispered the name, remembering how close to 3am it was. "Was that you whistling?"

He nodded, smiling. "I was trying to see if I could find the last StickIndian," Caleb joked, squeezing my thin side. It was a joke about how tiny I was, barely 5 foot and topping 105 pounds soaking wet.

"We should get back. I don't want to be out much longer," I said, antsy, checking my watch. 2:56. If we hurried, we might make it.

Caleb tugged on my hand, pulling me towards him. "Why don't we riskit a little bit? I don't wanna go backjust yet," he murmured, his arms wrapping around my waist. I blinked at him, confused, until he bent his head to mine, capturing my
mouth in his.

I was shocked, and then softened, kissing him backuntil I felt his hands dipping below the hemline of my shirt. "Wait," I muttered, tugging at his hands. He tightened his grip on my waist, continuing his path up my shirt and under my bra,
squeezing painfully. "Caleb, stop it!" I said hoarsely, my hands pushing uselessly at his chest.

His leg swept under mine effortlessly, years of wrestling practice put into use. Caleb chuckled. "You know you want this too," he said lightly, pinning me down with one hand while his other undid my shorts. I kicked and squirmed while he
tugged them down around my ankles, rolling me onto my backand holding me down, calmly whistling all the while. I screamed when I heard the zz-zzt-zzt of his zipper and felt him hover above me, held down by his weight and his forearms on
either side of me. When he split into me, I could feel the hot tears roll down my cheeks. My arms were splayed in front of me. I focused in on the glow-in-the-darkface of my watch.

It was 3:06.

It tookme a second to realize the screams ringing in my ears was not my own.

Caleb's weight suddenly lifted, and I scrambled away, clutching fistfuls of twigs and dirt in my efforts to get away, and turned around to lookbehind me at the gurgling screeches.

It was blackwith dirt, long and lanky, crouched over Caleb. Its strength was apparent in its effortless way of holding down the muscular boy flailing beneath it. I couldn't see its face, hidden under a curtain of matted hair, encrusted with bugs and
bits of tree. But hear, oh, I could hear every bit of it. Every slurp, every painful shred of flesh pulled free from the bones was apparent. I froze in sickfascination, held witness to every second of it while Caleb's screams died in his throat, while
it--he?--finished his meal.

When he was done, he turned his head to me. His face was long and thin and hollow. I could see every bone in his skull, the black, bloodshot eyes sunkdeep. His lips were thin and drawn back, revealing long, gray teeth stained with blood and
chunks of meat. I couldn't tear my eyes away from him, not even when he started crawling towards me. Stupidly, I thought of Tarzan walking towards Jane, how he put his weight forward on his hands and kind of hopped his long legs
underneath him.

He stopped inches from me, head tilted to the left. He lowered his face to mine, until I could smell the rancid breath coming from his mouth. He leaned forward, arching his face up as he tooka long sniff of me. He never stopped looking at me,
his eyes locked into mine.

He looked up at the sound of footsteps crashing towards us. He stood, taller than anyone I'd ever seen before and ever seen since. Looking down at me, he nodded, turning and disappearing into the woods.

He whistled as he strode away.

June 2015

                                                 Ten years ago, I taught sophomore creative writing. Two student stories still haunt me to this day.

                                                                                                                          by Red_Grin
                                                                                                                  Winner - June Monthly Contest


Fresh out of college, I tooka teaching job in a small town in central Wisconsin. In my sophomore creative writing class, I assigned a flash fiction exercise around Halloween. We'd studied urban legends and folklore, and it was the students'turn
to construct stories of their own.

Assignment length: 100-1000 words. Directions: Scare me.

The submission quality was as expected - these were sophomores, after all - but one story stood out halfway through my stackof papers: a piece by a quiet student named Jake. His first person flash fiction story seemed so real...like it was
dipped in reality. A little too closely. Almost like he wasn't making it up, but had been retelling something that happened to him. I put it aside, impressed.

Kate's submission was the last paper in the stack. I remember the reading experience vividly: the beads of sweat accumulating around my temples, the clickity click of the red pen in my hand, and a weird feeling of dread in the pit of my
stomach. I placed it on top of Jake's story, and I thought:

What the hell am I going to do?

I still have photocopies of the original stories, and I often wonder, why do I still have these?

But there is something about them - they are so interconnected, and there is something so raw and beautiful about them. I have a strong affinity for interesting student writing, and it'd be a shame to let the flames of these stories be extinguished.

I'll share the student pieces, and the subsequent events that transpired, right here - I do enjoy a good story.



Jake's Flash Fiction

My parents put Grandma Rosie in a home when she started to "lose her grasp on reality," they said. I still found it cruel. But she seemed content. Content enough, I guess.

I remember visiting her. She had an old, wooden rocking chair that faced the window. Outside was nothing but flat, fields of green. The green would eventually fade, and when it snowed it was carpets of white for miles and miles. I'm not sure which
season Grandma Rosie liked the most. She didn't do a lot of talking. She mainly listened to her radio, and always one station: 89.1.

But 89.1 never had a signal. It was always static. Grandma Rosie listened to this static, all day, seemingly waiting out her life. No one could reach her.

I visited one day to drop off a box of chocolates. Grandma Rosie rocked slowly in her chair with large headphones over her ears, staring out the window, watching the snowfall. I couldn't tell if she knew I was there. I walked over and placed the
chocolates on a small table, and her hand suddenly reached across and snatched my wrist.

"Shhh," she whispered. "Listen."

Grandma Rosie leaned in close, and I put my ear to hers. I lifted up the cup of her headphone and listened. There was only static.

I was about to speak, but she covered my mouth with her hand.

"Listen closer," she said.

I did, but all I heard was more static.

"Soon, they will come," she said. "They will come to take me away."

This freaked me out a little, and I went home. I told my mom and dad about what happened, but they didn't think it was that weird.

I kept thinking about it. One night I couldn't sleep so I buzzed my friend Abby on our walkie talkies. She lived across the street, and she somehow she knew all about 89.1. She told me it was an old legend in our town, and you needed two things to
explore the legend further: a radio, and a closet with the door slightly open. Face away from the closet, tune in to 89.1, and listen very closely. At some point through the static, you'll hear the faint sounds of an organ, distant screams, and the
dragging of metal chains along a gravelly surface. The open doorway is an invitation - keep your eyes closed, and only if you keep your eyes closed - a figure will appear and drag you into the closet. From there, your fate is unknown.

"How do you know this?" I asked.

"I've heard about it," she said. "Don't tell anyone. The less people that know, the better." I looked out my window and saw Abby in her bedroom. She put her finger up to her lips.

"This is our secret," the walkie talkie buzzed.

For the next few days, I kept thinking about the ritual and Grandma Rosie. Why would she be playing this game? Why did she want to be dragged into an unknown fate?

I again told my parents that I was worried about Grandma Rosie. They were very dismissive.

"Ever since Grandpa died, I think she wants to let go," my mom said. "She wants to be with him."

I wanted to know more, so I decided to try the game myself. It was late at night, and I opened my closet door just a crack. I sat on my bed with my back to the closet, tuned my radio to 89.1, and put on my headphones. I heard the static, and I closed
my eyes.

I sat there for a long time, focusing very hard on the static. The longer I sat there, the more it felt like my room was shrinking. Kind of like the space was filling up with something else, like I wasn't alone.

In my headphones I heard the distant organ, and I heard the screams that seemed far away, but sounded like they were getting closer. The screeching of the metal began, and then I heard a voice:

"OPEN YOUR EYES!"

I jumped from my bed, very startled. Abby was laughing hysterically through the walkie-talkie. I looked around my bedroom. I was alone. I looked out the window and saw Abby, smiling and giggling. She brought the walkie talkie up to her mouth.

"I totally scared you!" she said. "There's no one there! You're such a wuss."

I noticed the closet door. It was wide open. The static of 89.1 hissed from my headphones.

"I was only joking," the walkie talkie chirped. But I wasn't so sure it was a joke.

Grandma Rosie died two weeks later in her sleep. Her time had come. And I was done fooling around with legends and superstitions.



Jake's story was the most interesting of the bunch. His writing needed some tightening, sure, but the ideas were there: a mysterious legend, sentimental characterizations, and an ambiguous ending. I truly thought he had invented the whole thing,
until I read Kate's submission.



Kate's Flash Fiction

Panic. Fear. No one would believe me. Not ever.

I told him I was joking. About everything. It helps me sleep at night.

But I know what I saw. A young boy, a ritual, and death. Death itself. A black death with a clutching grip, an entity that surrounds its victim, dragging a companion to its secret and eternal lair.

But I was joking. Joking all along. Which made it okay.

I had to know. Know more. I went to her room. It felt recently vacated, like the plug had just been pulled from a sink. Headphones on the floor...static. Nothing but static.

Noises from the closet. Labored breathing. Fingernails squeaking on the door from the inside. I clutch the handle - something, something else. Something dark. Can't open it. Won't open it. Refuse to let it out.

I slowly back away. A tiny voice, squeaking.

Help me.

Static echoing in the small room. Nothing but static. I close the door on my way out. Won't let it out.

Won't tell. Will never tell. My story doesn't exist. It's simply not there.

It's nothing but static.

Here I had two, seemingly intertwined stories - Jake's more traditional folklore story, and Kate's personalized flash fiction, focusing on emotion, regret and secrets. Perhaps I'd been swimming in urban legends too long, or maybe I'd been the
victim of too many horrendous student essays and stories to count, but I couldn't shake the notion:

This seems real.

A few days after Halloween, I kept Kate after school. I wanted to know more, specifically, was she the Abby character in Jake's story, and was she confessing to visiting the grandmother in her own piece? I pulled out Kate's flash fiction, and I
asked about how she wrote it. What was her inspiration?

She shrugged. "I guess it's avant-garde. I was just experimenting with ideas. Did you like it?"

I nodded. It was an interesting piece, I told her.

"Have you ever heard of 89.1?" Kate asked me.

I started to speak, but couldn't. A few words sputtered out, but were interrupted by Kate's laughing.

"Oh my gosh, Mr. Patrick, the whole thing was just a joke!"

Kate explained how she and Jake conspired to write multiple viewpoints of the same story, partially as a creative writing exercise, but mainly just to screw with me. The whole thing was made up. It was a Halloween prank.

"We SO got you, Mr. Patrick," Kate laughed.

I smiled uncomfortably. It was a good one, and yes, they got me. I told her that I enjoyed her piece, lets continue developing your avant-garde writing, and enjoy your Halloween.

But something didn't feel right.

I had drinks with a veteran, freshman English instructor - me the first-year teacher in a new town, and he the wily, old mentor. I told him about the assignment and the stories Jake and Kate turned in. He laughed, and thought about it a bit more.

"That just seems off," he said. "You said Jake and Kate conspired to play a joke? They were thickas thieves in my class at the start of the school year, but in the fall they stopped talking. Wouldn't even lookat each other anymore. Had some
sort of falling out. I guess they made up."

For the next few weeks I watched Jake and Kate closely - in my class and in the hallways. They didn't speakonce. Never even looked at each other. I scheduled a story conference with Jake, and I let him know how much I'd enjoyed his
growth as a writer, especially his Halloween flash fiction piece. I grinned and told him that his prankwith Kate had totally burned me. Jake smiled awkwardly.

"We got you, huh?" he said. "It was Kate's idea."

Everything was made up, he claimed. There was no 89.1, and he had no grandmother who passed away in a home. All of the characters and situations were straight, 100% fiction.

I told him good job, and to keep writing.

Still, the situation seemed amiss. Like I was missing part of the act. Was it possible that these two were so committed to screwing with me that they wouldn't even speakat school? Or maybe they were dating and didn't want anyone else to know,
so they played it cool in the hallways and in class. They were 15-year old kids, after all. That seemed reasonable.

But It was keeping me awake at night. Nothing else mattered. I taught during the day, and I obsessed over the stories in the evening. News, sports, and current events faded to the background. The real world slipped away. I pushed forward.

Armed with a couple of possible last names (thankyou, school records) I called senior citizen homes in the area. I was trying to trackdown my mom's old friend, Rosie, I told them. Each phone call followed the same script: the receptionist
went through the files and found nothing. No one there by either last name I had.

I scoured the internet, and I spent too much time in the stacks of the local library. I found no folklore or urban legends relating to 89.1. And each time I felt like quitting, I pulled out my photocopy of Kate's story.

She had visited Jake's grandmother. It simply felt so real - I knew it wasn't fake.

In a last ditch effort, I spent a lot of time alone in my bedroom, listening to the static of 89.1 with my eyes closed and the door slightly ajar. I'd hone in on the static, and I'd listen deeply and intently for the chimes of the organ, the harsh and
troubled screams in the distance, and the clinkity clink of the metal chains. Sometimes I'd thinkit was there, and I just had to focus a little harder. And I'd sense a presence in my bedroom about to creep out of my closet - the darkmist waiting to
drag me away. I wanted it to come, because I wanted this story to be real.

But it didn't come.

One day at school I saw Jake and Kate smiling and laughing at Jake's locker. I walked past them, and Kate winked at me.

That was the clincher. I finally succumbed to the notion that I'd been had.

It was over. I ended my search for 89.1. I had drinks again with my colleague - many drinks, this time - and I drunkenly told him everything I'd been doing. He found my investigation ridiculous, and ultimately dangerous.

"You like stories too much," he said. "If I didn't know any better, it's almost like you're trying to write one of your own. Just let it go."

I pulled out the photocopied stories from my backpocket, and I pressed them down on the bar, staining them with splashes of beer. My colleague picked up Jake's story, and he tooka lookat it for the first time. His eyes skimmed the page - and
they stopped, cold.

"Wait," he said. "You never told me about Abby."

I shrugged. Abby was Kate, I told him. It was all part of the game.

"I wonder...," he thought aloud to himself. "Hmm."

He laid it out for me.

A year ago - about ten months before I moved into town - an eighth grader named Abby had gone missing. Seemingly vanished into thin air. One minute she was alone in her room, and the next minute, she was gone. Some suspected that she
ran away, but there were no clues. No evidence of foul play. No suspicious or shady family members or neighbors.

She was simply, gone.

I read Kate's piece again. My heart sank. The whole time, I assumed it was about her visiting the grandmother. But maybe I was wrong.

Maybe the squeaks and pleas coming from the closet were coming from Abby. Kate never specified who she was visiting or where she was.

I read the avant-garde flash fiction one more time, honing in on every word, just to be sure.

And at that moment, everything changed.

I spoke with the school administration, they contacted the authorities, and the police had conversations with Jake and Kate. It went nowhere. It didn't matter that Abby had lived across the street from Jake. It didn't matter that we had words on
paper. They were just stories, the kids said. Only stories. Complete fiction. Jake had no grandparents in a home, anyway. They were sorry if they'd scared anyone. They were Halloween stories, after all. And pretty ambiguous stories, at that.

Jake even tearfully apologized for naming a fictional character after a missing girl - it hadn't crossed his mind.

And I was now the monster for dragging two innocent kids into this mess. The staff ostracized me, and the town crucified me. I was done.

I left the teaching profession soon after that. I walked out of the school holding my small crate of supplies, and Kate smirked at me with a knowing glance through a first floor window. I haven't seen her since.

I didn't take much with me, but I did take the photocopies of the stories. I pull them out occasionally and relive the past. And sometimes, late at night, I'll get a fire in my belly and a burning desire to travel backto that small, Wisconsin town.
Maybe Grandma Rosie was a great aunt that Jake's family referred to as Grandma, or maybe it was an elderly family friend. Maybe I missed something about the missing girl, about 89.1, about Kate's intentions. Perhaps I can try the ritual a
few more times, just to see what happens.

Or maybe it's just all bullshit.

It was ten years ago. And I'm probably the only one that thinks there's a shred of truth in those stories.

I'd be wasting my time.

But it still keeps me up at night - the slim chance that it's all true. And oftentimes the idea of it is something I contemplate more than what really happened to Abby and the grandmother in the story: if it is true, why did the kids write it all down
like that?

I don't have a good answer. I'll never have one.

I suppose that, just like me, they really just enjoy a good story.

                                                                       We tried to keep them out. We tried to bar the door. We are so, so sorry.

                                                                                                                        by noiselessjoy
                                                                                                              Runner Up - June Monthly Contest


Part 1

Close your eyes and thinkabout all the doors you pass through each day. Hundreds of doors, thousands in your lifetime. Breezing in and out, you probably thinkof them as nothing more than a means to an end, a way to get from point A to point
B. Doors with handles, doors that glide open electronically when you step in the right place, doors that creakand groan with age and remind you to pickup WD-40 next time you're at the store. But some doors are different. Some doors are not
meant to be traveled through. Quite the opposite. Some doors are built to prevent people, or even things, from getting in. Some doors are built to keep things from getting out.

I'm not a believer in the paranormal. I don't put stockin ghosts or demons or monsters. The things that go bump in the night? I generally thinkthey all have some explanation, one way or another. The human brain is an easily frightened,
painfully irrational organ. When others stand shaking at the tops of darkbasement stairwells, peering into the damp black, I charge ahead, straight to the bottom. Leaky pipes and cobwebs in corners don't frighten me -- why should they?

So when my mother told me she felt like something was off in the basement of her newly inherited home, I laughed. She was always chattering about her fantasies, ghosts and vampires and angels. She claimed that I felt the spirits, too, and I
would open my eyes someday to see. I raised an eyebrow and reminded myself one of these days I was going to miss the sound of her voice when she told me her ghost stories. I had driven four hours across the state to help her move
cardboard box after cardboard box from a rental storage unit into the house.

Well, I call it a house, but it was more like a cottage with its oddly shaped living room, cramped little bedroom with an attached bath, and galley kitchen. The great aunt who had lived there before was a spinster with no love for any living being,
save her cats. She had taken good care of the place, though, and for some reason given thought to passing the property on to her sister's daughter rather than one of her own children or grandchildren. My mother's financial troubles had made it
impossible for her to rent more than a single room in a boarding house over the last decade after her last child left the nest, so it was exciting for all of us that she now had a stable place of her own to live.

"I just get the strangest feeling when I go down there, like something wants me out," she told me, talking a mile a minute as we worked through boxes of kitchen paraphernalia.

Her tendency to hoard over the years had caught up with her in this place -- I made a mental note to smuggle a few boxes of junkout when I left and dump them at a local Goodwill. We had spent the morning working on her bedroom and rays
of midafternoon light were now streaming through the high windows in the cottage's western-facing wall. The yellow and green floral pattern of the kitchen wallpaper seemed to brighten in the sun, creating a cheery, cozy atmosphere. I couldn't
imagine a single thing about this place making anyone feel ill at ease.

"Sounds to me like you're just trying to get me to carry these boxes of canning supplies down there on my own," I teased.

She laughed, a slight edge to her mirth that gave me pause. I could tell from the way her brow knit that she was serious. A pang of guilt rippled through me. I hadn't been around much in the past few years, and I knew she was lonely and tired of
being alone. She was likely experiencing some apprehension at the thought of living here all by herself, apprehension that I was now poking fun at. What a great daughter I made.

I placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, trying not to wince at the feeling of bone just below her skin. The increased fragility that betrayed her aging was an all-too-real reminder of her mortality. Even though the women in our family
typically lived into their 80s and 90s, giving my mother another possible few decades, I was increasingly aware that she was no longer the immortal superwoman I had grown up loving. As thoughts of her inevitable death flashed through my
brain, I pulled her in for a close hug.

"Oh!" She squeaked, setting down the crockpot lid she had been examining for cracks before wrapping her arms around me.

No matter how old you are, there's nothing quite like a hug from your mom.

After a few quiet moments, I pulled backand kissed the top of her forehead. Grabbing up the box of canning supplies, I asked for directions to the basement entrance.

"You walked all over it this morning," she told me.

I followed her directions and found the seam for the trap door on the bedroom floor, just a few feet from the foot of her queen-size bed. I set the box down on the quilted bedspread and bent down to get a good grip on the wood and lift it up
slowly. The trap door revealed a set of weathered but sturdy-looking stairs, leading down into the inky darkness under the house. Cool air drifted up from the subterranean room, and I breathed in the familiar basement smells of must and damp.

"Is there a light switch somewhere?" I called to the kitchen.

"Not until you get down to the bottom. There's a bulb with a string right overhead when you reach the ground."

"Great," I muttered. "Let's hope I don't breakmy neckon the way down."

Grabbing the box and being careful to leave the trap door open completely to let in as much light as possible, I began slowly making my way down the stairs. The staircase had no railings or wall to lean against, so I relied on my less-than-
fabulous balancing skills and luckto reach the bottom without tripping. The temperature change as I descended was drastic, and I found myself shivering a little in my lightweight summer clothes as I tookthe last couple of steps. I could just
barely make out the dirt-smeared floor in the paltry light from above.

Looking up, I spied the string hanging from the bulb. I steadied the box against my hip and reached up. As I did, I heard something behind me creak. I whipped my head right, toward the sound, but saw nothing in the darkness. Probably my
mom moving around upstairs or a pipe settling. Rolling my eyes at myself, I yanked on the string and dim yellow light from a naked bulb illuminated the room.

The first thing I noticed was that the basement was much larger than the house that sat atop of it. I couldn't tell exactly how much larger, given the pathetic amount of light provided by the single bulb, but I could feel that the room was more
immense than I had expected. Odd, but I reminded myself that this part of Ohio was relatively rural and used to seeing long, hard winters. A large basement allowed for more storage of canned fruits, vegetables and other goods difficult to
come by during the snowy months.

Glancing around, I spotted some shelves against the left wall which seemed designed for just such a thing. I moved over to them and felt the hairs stand up on the backof my neckwhen I left the circle of light I had been standing under. I had
read once that the vibrations of pipes can sometimes cause feelings of dread in people, often misinterpreted as something paranormal. I flicked my eyes up to the networkof exposed pipes above my head and smirked. Of course. Quickly, I set
the box down and got to workstacking empty mason jars in rows on the shelves. My mom was a prodigious gardener and would eventually fill up the canning jars with homegrown goodies, but that would have to wait until next year, as summer
was coming to an end. Winter would set in quickly in this climate, and the ground would harden against new life until the late spring thaw.

When the box was empty, I pulled my Swiss Army keychain from my backjeans pocket and broke it down with the knife. Curiosity got the best of me, and as I replaced the keychain, I pulled my cell phone out of my other backpocket and
toggled its flashlight setting. Sweeping the bright light in front of me, I explored the parts of the basement not illuminated by the single bulb. A twisted heap of metal yard tools lay in the corner opposite the shelves, rusting from what I imagined
was years of disuse. I couldn't imagine Great Aunt Ira coming down here much in the past 15 years, not with her hip problems.

Behind the stairs was the basement's backwall, and I immediately noticed it was made of a different material than the rest of the basement walls. Moving closer, I brushed it with my hand. Some kind of corrugated metal, it felt like, which
seemed out of place considering the rest of the walls were soft limestone, crumbling in some places. My hand trailed along the cool metal wall until I found myself standing at a doorway. The door was made of solid wood and sat almost
exactly behind the staircase. It had been covered over, crudely, with wooden boards nailed across it.

"Well, that's weird," I muttered aloud. It felt like the temperature over here was at least ten degrees colder, and my teeth chattered as goosepimples sprouted up all over my arms.

I knew from many years spent in the Ohio educational system that homes all across the state had been used as shelter for runaway slaves during the Underground Railroad period in America's spotted history. This area specifically prided itself
in its abolitionist history -- perhaps I had stumbled upon an old, forgotten slave hideaway? Excitement coursed through me as I contemplated the fun of being the first to rediscover such an important historical site. Maybe there'd even be
artifacts left behind. Growing up, I'd been fascinated with Indiana Jones and longed for the adventure of Hollywood-style archaeological discovery.

Without thinking twice about it, I reached for one of the boards and gave it a tug. It was nailed pretty solidly, but I felt that it could easily give way if I put my backinto it. I set my phone on the floor, screen-side down, so the light was shining up
at the door, and gripped the board with both hands. I wasn't a bodybuilder by any standards, but I did lift weights at the gym on a fairly regular basis, and my efforts were rewarded with a pop-pop as the board came free. One of the nails stuck
in the metal, the other hung limply from the board, which I set down carefully behind me.

It didn't take too long to remove most of the boards. The door was most heavily boarded at the top, with a couple of longer boards covering the bottom. I was fortunate that the basement ceiling was low -- at 5'2" I had little hope of reaching
something at the top of a standard-height door. But this door was only a few inches taller than me, and I was able to reach and pry loose the single board at its top with relative ease. The effort of removing the boards had me panting and
sweating a little, the basement's chill cooling the droplets as they slid down the backof my shirt.

Finally, my taskwas complete and I was ready to crackopen the object of my fixation for the past twenty minutes or so. I could hear my mom's movements upstairs and figured since she hadn't called for me yet, she would be okay on her
own for a little while longer. The handle was long and rusted; I could feel some of the material flake off as I grasped it with a sweaty palm. I tugged gently, expecting to be met with resistance. Instead, the door popped open as easily as the
sliding door of a 7-Eleven. I stumbled backa bit, kicking a board with my heel, causing it to skid across the floor with a hollow clatter.

I was met with a blast of air that felt almost arctic, especially considering the basement was already fairly cool. It tooka moment before my nostrils began to absorb the smell, but once it did... I nearly gagged. The frigid air emanating from
the darkdoorway was tinged with something rotten and earthy, like garbage that had been left out in the heat of the August sun for far too long. A horrifying thought occurred to me -- what if whoever hid down here never left? With trepidatious
curiousity, I reached down and picked my phone up from the floor and pulled the door open all the way, shining its light directly into the blackness.

It tooka moment for my eyes to register what was right in front of them. I felt my heart slow, the blood in my veins turn to ice as a rush of naked fear cascaded over me. Eyes. Staring through the darkness, barely visible but for the weaklight
creeping past the doorway from the single bulb and what little illumination my phone provided. Each pair was looking straight at me. I tooka shaking, instinctive step backout of the doorway. A hungry moan came from somewhere in the room.
It was a gruesome, rasping sound that filled me with dread.

"Hoooly fuck," I whimpered, taking another step back.

The sound of movement -- scraping noises -- shookme into action. My phone clattered to the floor, forgotten in my haste. I didn't want to know what was in there. I didn't want to see. I gripped the rough wood edge of the door with a damp hand
and pulled it shut. It caught on one of the loose boards I had worked so stupidly hard to pull off just moments before. I registered movement in the darkness in front of me, the sense that something was close. Frantically, I kicked at the board,
yanking the door hard as it slid out of the way.

It slammed shut with a satisfyingly heavy sound, but as I leaned against it, my breaths erratic and my heart pounding, I felt a thud as something impacted with the door. That moan came again, desperate and needful. Another thud, this one hard
enough to rattle the door in its hinges. Particles from the ceiling above rained down on my head. I wanted to cry. I needed to re-board the door.

Bracing one hand against the door, just in case, I reached down and grabbed at the first board I could get my hands on. Some of the nails were still embedded, but others were scattered across the floor. A thud against the door shookthe frame
and my nerves. They wanted out. I did what any rationally minded, terrified person would: I screamed for my mommy.

I heard her hurried footsteps approach overhead from across the house. "What's wrong?" She called. "Did you hurt yourself? Did something bite you?"

No, but something might be about to bite me. "No!" I shouted back. "It's... I don't... mommy," I moaned the last bit as another thud shookthe metal and wood I was pressed up against. I'm a heavier woman, but I wasn't strong enough to hold a
door shut forever, especially considering how many of those things there were. There were so many eyes. So many eyes. Eventually, my strength would give out.

She thundered down the stairs, faster than a woman her age with bad knees should, but I guess that's the power of motherhood. As she rounded the corner, it felt like more than one of them slammed into the door. I felt one of my flip-flop clad
feet begin to slide and the door open just a crackbehind me. I screamed and strained, regaining my footing and shoving my full weight against the door to close the gap. My mom was staring at me and the door with an almost knowing look.

"What did you do?"

"I fucked up, obviously," I said through gritted teeth. Even under duress, she managed to get under my skin. "Do you have a hammer? We need to nail the boards backover the door."

"Yes, I'll go get it," she said, rushing up the stairs and away from me. I was alone again with *them and I didn't like it. I began to sob, tears stinging my eyes. I didn't wipe them away, not daring to move even an inch in case I lost my tenuous
advantage. It felt like hours before she returned, but she did, moving slightly slower this time down the stairs while lugging a box behind her. It thump-thump-thumped down the stairs behind her, its contents rattling with each impact.

"I brought my entire toolbox, just in case." She pulled out an enormous, ancient hammer I recognized as the one responsible for almost destroying my thumb in second grade and a smaller one with a sleekblackhandle and a shiny gleam to its
metal. Handing me the latter, she picked up the board I had kicked when I opened the door and moved toward me.

"Keep your weight where it is, but duckdown a bit. I'll start at the top."

"Okay. Hurry."

She began hammering, and as the first nail was returned to its place, a piercing howl began from the other side of the door. I felt like I was going to throw up. "What the hell is in that room?"

"I don't know, honey. I don't know. I told you something was wrong."

When the first board had been nailed across, we moved the heavy box of tools she'd dragged down with her against the base and I braced my foot against it so I could keep weight there while helping with the nailing process. Two boards, three
boards, four. The howling continued, backed by that same hungry moan. The hair on the backof my neckseemed like it was never going to lie flat again. Some of the boards were rotted, and one split in our hands as we began to hammer.

"Shit!" I yelled, kicking its remnants so several pieces scattered away from us.

"Don't thinkabout it, just keep going," my mom panted. Her salt-and-pepper hair was plastered to her forehead with sweat and she was breathing as hard as I was. We placed the last board across the bottom of the door, just an inch or two from
the bottom. The howling had stopped, but the moaning never did. I'm not sure if it ever will.

It didn't lookas solid as it did when I discovered it, but of course that makes sense. I disrupted something that had probably been there for years, maybe even decades. Who boarded the place up? What was in there? Did Great Aunt Ira know
about this? What the fuckwere we going to do about it? I voiced none of this to my mother, instead keeping silent as we piled anything and everything we could find in the basement against the door. I managed to remember to snatch up my
phone before thundering up the stairs in front of my mom, anxious to get backsomewhere that wasn't cold and damp and full of that fucking smell.

Once I had helped her up from the stairwell, I slammed the trap door shut and we moved her heavy antique dresser over top, then piled a few boxes of books yet to be shelved on top of that, for good measure. We collapsed on her bed and I
cried while she held my shaking body, stroking my hair and whispering soothing words even though she was probably just as scared as I was. We stayed like that all night, and now it's morning and I'm writing this to try and make sense of what
the hell happened.

I'm sitting in the living room, which from my estimate is right over where the door is, and I can hear faint moans rising up from underneath me. What did I awaken?

I opened the door. I pried off the boards and I opened the door, and for that I am sorry. For my curiousity, for my stubborn refusal to consider the consequences of fucking with something that was clearly meant to not be fucked with, for my
inability to leave the door alone and forget it ever existed. I am sorry. We've done what we can, but I can't help but shake the feeling that it wasn't enough. Not every door is meant to be opened. It's only human arrogance that makes us assume
we have a right to know, a right to see what's on the other side.

Part 2

So sorry it's taken me so long to get backhere again. Things have been crazy, and I'm sure all of you will understand why I couldn't find time to sit down and type all of this up earlier. Writing all of this down will help prove to myself if nobody
else that I'm not insane, that this has all been real. And, I suppose, this should serve as a warning for others because... well... I guess I should just start with what happened when my mom woke up later that morning after I first posted my story
here.

She slept unusually long considering what we'd been through, but then again, she's always been a deep sleeper. We had also been working hard with all of the moving and unpacking, so I'm sure she was wiped out. My sleep had been irregular,
punctuated with sudden awakenings until I woke up in the pitch blackand freaked out, turning all the lights on and moving to the living room so as not to disturb her. I could feel a deep tiredness in my bones as I closed the laptop and stretched out
on Aunt Ira's worn floral couch. Most of her possessions had been sold or taken to the dump after she died, but my mom had kept a few pieces she liked. This couch wasn't much to lookat, but it was comfortable and felt a little bit like home.

I kept glancing down the short hallway toward the bedroom. I had left the door open so I could hear when she stirred, and also to be able to keep an eye on the trap door we'd so hastily covered. I couldn't see it from here, of course, but I could
see the edge of the dresser. If it moved, I'd be able to tell. It wouldn't move. It couldn't. We boarded the door again, that had to count for something, right? That had to have bought us some time.

Except I didn't know what kind of time we needed or why. Those were questions I could only askmy mother when she woke up. Aunt Ira was long dead, buried along with her secrets. If she knew anything in the first place. I was still having
trouble wrapping my head around the idea that the old woman could have been part of anything bigger than whatever was going on with her cats on a given day. She was a tiny thing, barely five feet tall and gnarled like a willow tree during the
years I knew her. Her gruff persona kept most everyone at bay, and I only saw her on a handful of rare occasions when her daughters dragged her out to family functions.

If any of her personal items were kept, I'm sure they were taken and kept by her direct descendents, not left here for my mom. There was a bit of tension within the family that the house had been left to my mother in the first place, I knew
that. My second cousins had wanted to sell the property and split the profits to help save their struggling bakery. But it had been a pretty open-and-shut case once the lawyers got involved, and it didn't even end up having to go in front of a judge.
Only my mom and the twins were present when the lawyer read the will, and they seemed to backoff pretty quickly after that.

The moaning seemed to die down after a while, which I was thankful for. It seemed to be coming from right under me, so I guessed the room must be located somewhere under the living room. Except, judging from how big it felt during those
few moments I was looking in, and the tiny floor plan of the house... I thinkthe majority of whatever that room is must be under the front lawn. I was wary of my curiousity now, but I couldn't help myself. I had to get a better lookat the front
of the house.

I tip-toed down the hall and peeked into the bedroom. My mom was on her side, glasses askew, snoring softly. The dresser hadn't budged. I left the door wide open and returned to the front of the house. It was warm enough to go out barefoot, so
I stepped onto the uneven stone stoop, my sensitive skin scraping slightly against the gritty material. The stoop was short, just two steps and the landing, fit for a place as small as the cottage.

Stepping backinto the dewy lawn, I surveyed the front of the cottage for anything that might seem off. But nothing seemed out of place. It looked like a fairly average little house, maybe a little worn down with peeling paint on its window
frames and some crumbling bricks in places. I knelt down and touched the stone foundation. Nothing to denote that something was seriously fucked up underneath. I even went so far as the circle the house, thinking maybe there was some kind
of secret hatch or something I'd never noticed. Maybe a placard that read, "Here be monsters"?

I came up empty. Nothing weird, unless you counted the feral cat I scared out of the bushes, yellow eyes glaring at me as it bounded to safety under the cover of some pines. No doubt there were at least a dozen roaming around the property,
leftovers from Aunt Ira's days that nobody had been able to catch when the lot was shipped off to the humane society. I sighed in frustration, rubbed my eyes, and tramped backinside.

My mother was in the kitchen, putting the tea kettle on the stove.

"I heard you leaving and wondered if you were abandoning me to the demons below," she said, smiling faintly.

"No, just... checking something."

I leaned against the kitchen archway, crossing one leg over another in a stance that she'd often remarked perfectly mimicked my father. I watched as she bustled about, making tea like everything was normal, and I felt my frustration well up
until finally it burst from my lips in angry accusation.

"How in the hell can you be so calm?!"

She stopped, mid-pour, not meeting my eyes. "Sugar?"

"Seriously, Mom, something absolutely terrifying happened to us yesterday and you're just acting like it's any other day, like nothing happened. What are you keeping from me?"

She returned to pouring steaming liquid into mismatched cups, still refusing to meet my eyes. I didn't like shouting at my mother, no daughter does, but her behaviour was equal parts baffling and infuriating.

"I'm going to add some sugar, it sounds like you could use some," she said, producing a sugar bowl from one of the still-remaining cardboard boxes taking up counter space and plopping two spoonfuls into a cracked blue Rainforest Cafe mug.

I closed my eyes and counted to ten. She could be incredibly obstinate when she wanted to, and I knew more shouting wasn't the answer. I tookthe mug when she handed it to me and watched as she added three spoonfuls of sugar to her own.

"Let's sit down and talk." She motioned to the living room and I led the way, lowering myself onto the sofa and setting my mug down on top of a floral-printed corkboard coaster.

"What the hell is going on?" I asked again.

This time, she met my eyes. I could read a hundred emotions in her gaze -- worry, trepidation, fear. I swallowed nervously, wiping my damp palms on my jean shorts.

"I wish I could tell you-" she started.

"Then tell me!" I cut her off.

"Well, if you'd let me finish, perhaps I could tell you that I don't know much more than you. I wish I could tell you what's behind that door or what opening it means, but I had no idea it even existed until you screamed for me."

I thought about all the comments I'd received implicating my mother as knowing a lot more than she was currently saying. But who was I to trust? Strangers on the Internet, or the woman who'd raised me? She was a little kooky and could
frustrate me to no end sometimes, but she wasn't deceitful. In fact, she had an awful habit of telling everyone she met her entire life story. My mother isn't a secret keeper, and I knew I had to trust her.

"But you told me you felt like something was wrong..."

"Yes, and I did feel something out of place the couple of times I went down there. I'm sure you felt it, too. You're more sensitive than you admit, you know."

I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. "It's an old house."

"Yes, it is. It's been in our family for five generations at least."

"Do you thinkAunt Ira knew about the door and, like, what's behind it?" I couldn't imagine someone living in this house for years and years without finding that door. My mind suddenly drifted to an awful thought: What if Ira boarded up the
door because she put whatever it was in there?

"I thinkshe probably did. The letter she wrote in her will, it said I was supposed to guard the house to protect the family. She said I should have as few visitors as possible and get at least a dozen cats, which sounds preposterous for my allergies,
but I figured maybe two or three wouldn't be such bad company."

"But did she maybe mention anything about a boarded-up door in the basement?"

"Well, not specifically, no. But she did say I was to leave everything as-is. That was part of the documentation I signed -- no construction or remodeling of any kind. Furniture could be moved, I could repaint and repaper the main house, but all
structural elements are to be maintained."

"And you just went along with this?"

"Honey, I'm getting old. I'm happy to have a roof over my head and a place to call my own. I don't have the money or energy to do any construction work, nor would I want to. This is Ira's house... I love it the way it is. I just figured she felt
the same and the provisions were a precaution."

Aunt Ira had lived here by herself for forty years after her mother, my great-grandmother, had died and left it to her. When I thought about it, I realized that for as long as I was aware, a single woman in the family had lived in this place -- no
men, no children, no roommates. Just one woman, on her own. What on earth were they guarding? How did they protect the family?

"Was there anything else in the letter?"

"No. It was short and to the point. You know how she was; Ira rarely minced words."

"What are those things? There were so many eyes, Mom."

"Certainly nothing good, that's for sure."

She tooka sip of her tea, and I realized I had all but forgotten mine. I reached over and brought the cup to my lips, happy to find it hadn't gotten cold yet. Somehow my mom always managed to make the perfect cup of tea, spicy and sweet and
oh, so comforting. It was something I still hadn't mastered in my own sparse apartment kitchen. Perhaps it's just one of those secrets of motherhood, like making the same bedtime story magical no matter how many times it's told and dispelling
monsters under the bed with a single stern glare.

"Maybe she left more, a diary or some kind of record of the place. This place was pretty well cleaned out before you moved in, so maybe Betsy or Angela have something?"

"It's possible."

I stood up, suddenly antsy to be anywhere other than the house with them lurking underneath. "Why don't we get cleaned up and go into town, stop by their house or hell, maybe even the lawyer's office?"

The cottage was located in a fairly rural part of the county, a twenty-minute drive from the closest town. Well, we called it "town," but it was more like a village. Single stoplight, tiny post office, a McDonald's, three churches (to serve a
population under 500, naturally) and a library. The closest supermarket was an extra thirty minutes away, but farm stands were great sources of local meat, produce and dairy. Life in Ohio means an awful lot of driving, especially when you
live in the country.

While she showered, I rinsed out our mugs and did some poking around the living room and bedroom. I checked the modest closet for any hidden panels or items left on forgotten shelves, but came up frustratingly empty. I heard the water stop
and hurried backout to the living room to allow her privacy to dress. The bathroom sat off the hallway, adjacent to the bedroom door. I heard one open and the other shut, and my hair stood on end at the thought of her being in there by herself
with a barrier between us.

I paced up and down the hall for a few minutes, until she emerged in fresh clothing, rubbing her still-damp hair with a burgundy towel.

"Bathroom's all yours. I don't have the rug down yet, so take this and lay it on the tile so you don't slip."

I was looking forward to a hot shower to help wash away some of the dirty feelings that had clung to me since the events in the basement. I needed to be clean again. I planned on keeping it short, though -- I couldn't help but feel as though
staying out of each other's sight for too long was dangerous.

"I'm going to water the plants before we go," my mom called as I shut the bathroom door.

"Okay," I replied. As a second thought, I opened the door and left just a crackexposed. I couldn't tell whether that made me feel safer or more exposed. Maybe I'd just keep it open while I peed, then shut it while I was vulnerable in the shower.
I was so tired, it was getting hard to thinkstraight.

A sudden, strangled cry sent me racing from the bathroom to the living room, bashing my leg against the edge of the coffee table as I scrambled to pull my pants up. The front door was open, exposing its rust-red painted exterior, and my
mother was framed in the doorway. She sagged against it, a hand to her mouth, shoulders shaking with silent sobs.

"What is it?" I asked, placing a hand on her shoulder and peering around her to see what the problem was. She was looking down and as my eyes followed I felt bile rise to the backof my throat and gasped like someone had sucker-punched me
in the gut.

Piled on the front stoop were a bunch of furry objects I realized with fresh horror were cats. A pile of dead cats, lying on top of one another as if they had been arranged just so. I raised my head to glance out over the expanse of the front lawn
and my heart sank; the yard was strewn with cat corpses. From below, I heard the howling start up again, and icy terror raced through my veins.

"Mom, we're leaving right now. Get your purse and let's go."

She didn't argue, just nodded and followed my directions. I snatched up my laptop and backpack, and then we were gone -- picking our way through the litter of corpses to reach my silver rental and, finally, speeding down the dirt drive away
from the moans, away from the door, away from them.

                                                                                                                    Ripter Syndrome

                                                                                                                              by ai1267

                                                                                                                Runner Up - June Monthly Contest

Like all stories, I suppose I should start at the beginning. My name's Perry Kiers, I'm 37 years old, workin education and usability (weird combo, I know), and I like hard rockand big band jazz. I enjoy playing darts, co-operative games, and
playing rounders. Oh, and I'm married. Though... I suppose I might as well not be.

Sorry, I suppose that's not really the beginning at all. Let me try again...

My wife, Alice, and I had been married for five years when the troubles started. Now, I don't believe in the supernatural per se, at least not rationally. Having studied psychology as part of my educational programme, I do however believe in
the power of the psyche to create incredibly elaborate traps for itself to get lost in. I suppose the closest thing I can come to thinkof the paranormal is how an otherwise seemingly healthy brain starts to put itself through impossible puzzles and
challenges, without having any real motivation for doing so.

I want to make it perfectly clear right now that my wife had no history of mental illness, no abuse, no need to "hide" or compensate for things in her life in her psyche. Hell, it tookme almost a year before I ever even heard of Ripter
syndrome. Have you? I'm not surprised if you haven't, it seems it's incredibly rare, and not considered an actual disease. The similarities between cases are too much like one another for it to be a coincidence, however. But once again, I
suppose I'm not really starting from the beginning...

Alice worked with children with learning disabilities, aged ten to sixteen. She was very patient and, quite honestly, put me to shame in her ability to explain things in easy-to-understand ways. She was, in my belief, also gorgeous, funny,
intelligent, curious and all in all a very good person.

I thinkI remember the first instance of the Ripter syndrome rearing its ugly head. We'd been cuddling a bit on the couch on a Friday evening after dinner, watching some easy-to-digest movie or another. She got up, telling me she was going
send a couple of workemails before bed, kissed me, and walked upstairs. To my surprise, it tookless than five minutes for her to come down again and sidle up against me. She seemed a bit perturbed by something, but I shrugged it off.

"Done already, hon?"

"No, I thinkthe computer's broken. There's something weird going on with the screen. A big line or tear or something straight across."

I groaned in my mind. A broken monitor, while not a huge expense, is still annoying as hell. Especially considering it wasn't that old.

I didn't thinkany more of it until the next morning. I got up first, as I usually do, letting her sleep in. Figuring to get a head start, I went and turned on the stationary in our joint workroom to see if I could see what's wrong, and how big an issue it
was. Considering Alice got no workdone, I figured it was big.

But fiddle as I might, I couldn't find anything wrong with it. Chalking it up to a graphics glitch or similar, I made a mental note of cleaning the inside of the chassi, and went to make breakfast.

Apparently, the effects of Ripter syndrome are compounded over time, so it starts out slow, then accelerates exponentially. The next "incident", if you can even call it that, didn't happen until... I don't know, four months later? We were once
again on the couch, cuddling and watching a movie. She's got her arm up behind my back, absently playing with the hair on the backof my head. She often does this, and I love it, but this time, after fiddling around a bit, she would repeat the
same motion; a downward stroke with two fingers, then a swipe right-left, then left-right, as if covering up the downward stroke. Rinse and repeat. At first I didn't react to it, but after she'd been doing it for a good ten or fifteen minutes, I got
curious.

"Hon, why're you combing the same spot over and over?"

"What do you mean?"

She looked at me in askance, apparently not understanding the question.

"Well, you've been sort of... combing over the same spot on the backof my head for about a quarter of an hour now. Do I have something in my hair?"

"Oh, no, no... I just... I thinkyou have like... a straight patch where you're losing a bit of hair."

"A... straight patch?"

"Yeah, like a line."

Untangling myself from her, I felt around on the backof my head, but couldn't find any area where the hair was thinner.

"You sure?"

"Yeah", she said, touching me on the backof the head again. A pause, a bit of fiddling, then "Huh. I can't feel it anymore. I must have imagined it."

"... yeah, I suppose."

It struckme as weird, but hell, we're entitled to that, aren't we?

Next time was a couple of months later, after which things started accelerating. I came home early one day to see her at the dinner table, dejectedly looking down into what looked like a barely touched lunch. At first she didn't react when I
called out to her, so I went up to her, gave her a hug and a kiss and asked what was wrong.

"Oh, hey Perry. Nothing, I just... I went down to the bookstore to return that bookI bought last week, because it was damaged during printing or something, and the clerktold me I was just imagining things and that there was nothing wrong. I
pointed it out to her, and she started telling me I was nuts and that this was my problem. I asked to talkto her manager about it, and she started calling me crazy and foul things, and to get out of the store. It was just so sudden, it completely killed
my mood... the kids are out for a sports day today, so I went home early."

I spoke gently to her as I hugged her again, nuzzling her wonderful, curly chestnut hair.

"It's okay hon, try not to let it get to you. People like that are horrible, and they're just trying to drag you down with them. Tell you what, why don't we go to the movies tonight, eat out, and just forget about this, and I'll take it down to the store
first thing Monday?"

She smiled then, that lovely, warm smile, and kissed me. I thinkthat was the last time I saw that smile as it should be.

Come Monday, I went down to the store, intending to... well, to be honest, I went there intending to start trouble. You don't yell at my wife and get away with it. Not my gentle, loving Alice. Turns out, the clerkat the store and her manager had a
different story to tell.

They told me Alice had come in complaining that there was a crease or tear in the book, that must have happened during printing, and demanded a new book. The clerk, per procedure, checked the bookbefore intending to dispose of it, but was
confused when she couldn't find anything wrong with it. Asking my wife about it, Alice had told the clerkthat "it's right there, page 32 to 84!".

So naturally, I opened the bookmyself, and... well, okay, I hadn't actually checked it before. But flipping through the pages, I couldn't find a single thing wrong with it. The clerk's manager continued the story, saying that when the clerkprompted
Alice, my wife had gotten angry and raised her voice, causing the manager to come over. Alice had told them that they were swindlers, and that the bookwas obviously defective, and that they just wouldn't take responsibility. The argument
had devolved from there, Alice insisting that the pages were somehow torn or marked, and them denying it. Eventually, the manager had lost it and told Alice she was crazy, and to leave the store. She seemed remorseful about it, and I wasn't
too happy with it, but seeing as how there wasn't anything wrong with the book...

I asked them if they would replace it for me, just to settle my wife's mind and mine, and the manager agreed. I thinkshe just wanted to put it behind her. So did I... as it turns out, that was a futile hope.

After this, I forget in which order things happened. All I can say is, things started getting worse. She threw away a store-bought salad when we were out walking, because someone had "obviously dug around in it, looking for something in the
middle". I came home one day to half the lawn being mowed so deep there was almost no grass left. Alice said there was a furrow in the grass that looked horrible, so she cut until the grass was of equal length, so it wouldn't lookweird. I got an
ominous feeling after that, compounded by several other small, but significant events. Always with the tears, furrows, lines and rips.

About two years after the first event, things started getting really bad. I came home to the house smelling of smoke, and went upstairs to find Alice having ironed a shirt so hard she'd burned her way through it and into the ironing board beneath.
She didn't seem to realise the damage she was doing, and insisted she was just "trying to iron out a stubborn crease".

Later that same week, the police brought her home. The story they told me was that she'd been chucking books at the manager down at the bookstore, claiming they were all "faulty" and "torn". The manager, recognising my wife, had told the
police she wouldn't press charges if I agreed to get her some help. What else could I do?

But she resisted efforts to get better, claiming she was fine, that it was somehow just a big conspiracy against her, trying to cover up the imperfections and mistakes all over the world, people ruining things (like our lawn), to try and get to her.
About a weekafter the bookincident, I came to her having wrecked her laptop, our stationary computer, and the smartpad, claiming they had pixelated grooves in them.

Another weekwith lots of small events, all with the same fixation, and I come home to the police ringing on the door again, this time, without my wife. Turns out she'd tried ironing out a crease in the suit jacket belonging to a father of one of her
students. While he was wearing it. With a baseball bat.

Apparently he hadn't gotten badly hurt, just some bruises, but she'd been taken in to an emergency psych ward, raving about peoples' blindness to the tears and grooves everywhere. When I got there, they wouldn't let me see her, saying she
was violent. I stayed outside all night, but come morning I forced myself to go home and get some rest. I don't thinkI slept for more than two or three hours, but when I woke up and called, they'd transferred her to a high-security psych ward
for psychotic and violent behaviour. I drove there and they let me see her, for a short while.

At first, she was calm, expressing concern for the state of my clothes and hair, and saying I should get some sleep. She quickly got herself worked up talking about everyday things, however, and soon she was screaming at me, accusing me of
abandoning her and refusing to see what she sees, that I was just a cog in the great conspiracy against her and those like her. In the end, they had to sedate her and drag her away. That was the last time I saw her.

She wouldn't let me see her anymore after that. But the last thing she said got me thinking... others like her. So I started doing research on the symptoms, and after about a week, I came across something called the Ripter syndrome.

Apparently, people suffering from Ripter are somehow trapped in a mind maze wherein they start seeing "flaws" in things. It's not really flaws, per se, as some people see everything as broken or imperfect. People suffering from the Ripter
syndrome keep seeing jagged or straight tears, often beginning in books, texts or artworkwith repeating patterns. As if, hidden in the information of letters, there's a rip in what should be, and what is. I can't exactly explain it, since I've never
suffered from it myself, but that's supposedly what it is. Ripter gets progressively worse, until the people suffering from it start seeing these things everywhere. Always IN something though; it's not just overlaid over their entire environment.
They fixate on small things; a supposed crease, a tear, a furrow, a groove, a shallow indentation. Always in the form of a uneven-edged tear or line. Supposedly, it often happens to people with no history or predeliction for mental health
issues. And as I said before, it apparently starts small, then gets progressively worse over time, until they become violent and paranoid. Apparently, from what little I've been able to gather, there's been no cases of people getting better.
They've had to be hospitalised for the rest of their lives. I haven't seen my wife since then, more than two years ago now. I never divorced her, and I haven't dated since. My life moves on, but I just can't forget that fixated mania, the
preoccupation with rips in information. It just seems to bizarre. The weirdest thing about Ripter syndrome is that there's no mention of it existing prior to the digital age (which is why saying that the people suffering from it are hospitalised
for the rest of their lives may be a bit premature). It also seems that almost all of the cases have never heard of others suffering from the disease, or read about it, but they still tend to refer to themselves as one of many. That may just be
the paranoid psychosis talking, but it just makes me wonder... what the hell causes a healthy mind to develop such a weird fixation? Could you really tell yourself, if it happened to you?

I guess this isn't really very paranormal, or supernatural in any way. I just wanted to share my story about how a loving, caring woman turned into a paranoid psychotic, for seemingly no reason. I mourn her, though she's still alive, and I wish
I could help, both her and others like her. But the mind is a devious thing, inventing ideas and seeing patterns where there are none. I wonder what a rip in text (not a page, text) would even looklike?

                                                                     I went through my little brother's text messages... now I wish I never did.

                                                                                                                   by daiyu_river_queen
                                                                                                              Runner Up - June Monthly Contest


Oh, God, Reddit, I'm so terrified. I always knew. I always knew something was off about my little brother, but now... please, I need help. I just don't know what to do.

Anyone who knows me can tell you that I'm your prototypical overprotective big sister. My little brother, Jeremy, is five years younger than me. He's a sweet kid, but really quiet, the kind who wears glasses and gets shoved around in the
hallway. When I was in high school, I followed him through the middle school hallways, watching out for him like a hawkso his bullies couldn't get to him. I don't mean to brag, but I was pretty popular, so I was able to use my influence to
protect him while I was in the school. After I graduated, it got more difficult. I heard about it even all the way at university. Mom would call me crying about Jeremy. The other kids called him names: freak, psycho, creep. It used to make my
blood boil  if I was home, I'd never let anyone hurt Jeremy.

The thing is, though, Jeremy never seemed bothered by the bullying. When kids would shove him, or give him disgusted looks, or snigger as he walked down the hallway, or trash his locker... he just walked through school with his head down,
drifting off into his own little world. I used to really worry about him, you know? He really daydreams. He just can't seem to stay in this reality.

But he's still my little brother. My sweet, quiet, space-case little brother.

I was thrilled when I came home last spring breakand discovered that Jeremy had landed himself a girlfriend. As soon as I walked in the door, he was talking non-stop about this girl, Theresa. She's beautiful, she'd kind, she's smart, she likes all
the things Jeremy likes... on and on. Now, you have to understand, Jeremy almost NEVER talks. I'm the closest person to him in this world and he never says more than five sentences a day to me.

Of course, I was so excited for him. But I was also a little suspicious about this girl. As soon as he said her name, I went into overprotective sister mode. I started poking and prodding, asking questions in an attempt to really understand this
Theresa chick. I asked him how they met, but what I really wanted to know was what her intentions were. What's she like? But the real question was why she was going after my quiet, harmless little brother? Do you see each other often? Does
she live around here? That meant: when do I get to meet her and grill her for myself?

Jeremy seemed blissfully unaware of the true intent of my interrogation. He answered all my questions freely and dreamily. I tookcareful note of all his answers, mentally promising to wring her little neckif she made him cry.

Unfortunately, I went backto college before I got to meet his little sweetheart. I decided I'd step aside  grudgingly  and give their relationship the opportunity to flourish. This was, after all, his first girlfriend. I didn't want to ruin his chances by
making his family seem psycho.

Fast forward a few months. I came backfor summer breakand noticed that Jeremy had gone backto his usual self: quiet, unfocused, self-contained. As soon as we were alone, I inquired after his girlfriend.

"We broke up." He didn't sound heartbroken or even a little upset. He said it matter-of-factly, and I was left wondering what on earth had happened. I asked my mom, but she was just as clueless as I was: apparently one day he'd just stopped
mentioning her and that was that.

Now, something about this didn't sit quite right. When my first boyfriend and I broke up, I was absolutely crushed. Jeremy was taking this a little too well... what had happened? Was he too embarrassed to tell his big sister?

Ultimately, I pulled a really dickmove. Jeremy went out for a few hours  he has a little fort in the woods behind our backyard where he likes to study and read. He left his phone to charge on his desk. I snuckguiltily into his room and decided a
quicklittle peakwouldn't hurt anyone.

I found his texts with Theresa and started from the beginning. Turns out they'd met on some Internet forum and started chatting there. She lived only twenty minutes away, but they had been texting and apparently officially "dating" for weeks
before the topic of meeting each other was seriously considered.

To be honest, the texts were pretty normal at first. They were sweet and syrupy and just a little cringey. They texted some pictures, but nothing dirty (thankGod). It culminated with them planning to meet on May 3rd after school. His last text
said: "I can't wait to see you tonight, I love you <3."

And after that, there was nothing.

Seriously, it's so weird. No more texts, and when I checked his call history, I found that there were no more calls, either. Something was up with that. Had something gone wrong that night? What was up?

Frustrated, I decided to checkthe Internet. I'd figured out her full name from the text messages so I figured it would be easy to do a quickGoogle search to find her Facebook, Twitter, and whatever else.

My heart practically stopped when the top hit was a missing person's report.

I read through the report frantically, my heart lodged firmly in my throat. Theresa Evans, age fifteen, never returned home from school on May 3rd, reported missing May 4th, anyone with information regarding her disappearance is to
contact the police immediately...

Something was wrong. Something was dreadfully wrong. My mind was racing through the possibilities. Had they been assaulted? Was Jeremy too afraid to come forward about whatever had happened? Was he being threatened?

The backdoor slammed as Jeremy came backhome. I threw his phone backon his desk(I'd been clutching it mindlessly) and raced downstairs, trying to act casual. Jeremy, being his usual spacey self, didn't notice my evasiveness or the sheen
of sweat on my forehead.

That night after Jeremy had gone to bed, a plan started to form in my mind. I wanted answers, but at this point I didn't want to askJeremy directly. So how could I find them? Jeremy's backwoods sanctuary came to mind. He spent so much of
his time out there reading and hanging out. I knew he'd built a nice little fort for himself. Maybe there was something out there that could shed some light on this insanity.

Once mom had also gone to bed, I grabbed a flashlight and set off. It tookme a few wrong turns to remember how to get out there. Damn, that kid liked his isolation. Eventually I saw the little shackand felt relief wash through me. I don't know
why, but seeing it made me feel reassured. It was just a little shanty, and Jeremy was just my sweet little brother. All my worries were for nothing, weren't they?

I wish I was right.

As I got closer to the shack, the smell hit me. That smell... I'd never smelled it before, but instantly I knew what it was. Oh, God, no. I ran into the shack, holding my shirt in front of my nose.

Theresa's body was spilled out on the floor. She was decaying badly at this point. I was gagging as I looked at her corpse, trying to hold down my lunch. Her clothes had been ripped off and she'd been placed on a blanket acting as a makeshift
bed. I got a little closer and my world started turning.

There was white... stuff... between her legs and her chest. It was... oh, God, it was Jeremy's...

I ran outside as far as I could and threw up. And I puked again. And again. Oh, sweet Jesus, my little brother...

I walked backin a daze and crawled into bed, shivering. Oh, man, I had to call the cops. I had to get them involved. But... but my brother... but Jeremy...

I ended up staying at a friend's house for a few days. I told my mom we were going out of town on a road trip, but really I just needed some time to figure out what I was going to do. Of course, I had to tell the cops. But... but could I do that?
Oh, please, not my sweet little brother...

I returned home yesterday, utterly exhausted and having reached no conclusions. As soon as I walked in the door, I heard Jeremy's animated, excited voice. My chest tightened up as I walked into the kitchen and saw him talking mom's ear off.

I looked at the two of them warily. "Hey, Jeremy. What's up?"

He grinned at me and said, "Hey, guess what, Hannah? I got a new girlfriend!"

Oh, God, please help me, Reddit. I thinkI'm going to be sick...

