
I got this package in the mail from my dad: brown paper wrapping, large but flat, with the word "FRAGILE" written on it in black ink. When I unwrapped it, it was
this big, acrylic painting, framed in some sort of bronze-gilded plaster.

The painting itself was of this long hallway full of doors, kind of like you'd see in a fancy hotel. The walls had edging about halfway up, the upper part was painted
sort of an off white while the lower half was a crimson red that blended into the carpeting. Between each door was an up-turned light, as well as on the far wall at the
end, where the corridor seemed to connect to another hallway running perpendicular to it, disappearing around a corner.

It was really amazing detail, though I wouldn't call it life-like by any means. Just the sheer amount of intricate pieces to each aspect of the scene showed that the artist
really paid attention to every little thing, like somewhere in the world was this hallway, and you could stand in it and hold the painting up in front of you and if it
weren't for the border and the clearly stylized art, you wouldn't be able to tell where the canvas ended and the real world began.

I called him up and thanked him immediately.

"But where'd you find this?"

"I got it at an auction."

I kinda figured as much.

So I hung up the painting in my office, just behind my desk, which I realized later wasn't the best place for it because in order to actually look at it, I had to swivel
completely around, but there wasn't anywhere better really, and once I'd gotten it hung up, I felt less willing to take it back down, so I just left it there. It kind of hung
out over my shoulder and watched me work, and every now and then I'd turn around and stare at it and get entranced by it, feeling like I could get up and put my
hands in the frame and climb into the painting as if the frame were a window.

Of course, I wouldn't be writing this if something weird didn't happen as a result of the painting.

We had a couple friends over, Marc and Sabina, and Marc and I went into my office when the women-folk started talking about knitting, which has become my wife's
new favorite hobby. I went and sat down at my laptop to find a video I had been telling Marc about, and Marc wandered over and started admiring the painting.

"Where'd you get that?"

"My dad bought it at an auction and gave it to me."

"It's creepy."

"It's not that creepy. It's kind of... I don't know."

"Hypnotic?"

"Yeah."

I turned around to look at it with him while the video loaded. He got up close and was running his finger over the canvas, feeling the raised acrylic, and I just let my
gaze wander over all the details again.

"Huh, I didn't notice that before."

"What?"

"At the end of the hall, there's some sort of light coming from around the corner, and it's casting a shadow on the floor."

I got up and looked closer, because I really hadn't spent a lot of time studying the far end of the hallway. There was definitely some yellow and some darker colors
making what looked like the shadow of a person coming from around the corner. I even reached out and touched it to make sure it wasn't some trick of the light in the
study making it just look like there was this shadow in the painting, but I felt the paint and sure enough it was actually there in the painting.

"See what I mean?" Marc said, "Creepy."

I genuinely felt weirded out by it. It was one of those moments where you start thinking, Why didn't I notice this earlier? Was it there to notice?

A couple days later, I was working on a project in my study, and it was like 9:30 at night, and I just couldn't focus, so I spun around in my chair to look at the painting
and I felt this sudden vertigo effect, like the ground wasn't there and I had to grab my chair to keep from tumbling into emptiness.

You wouldn't have noticed it if you hadn't looked at the painting a hundred times like I had. The hallway was long, with exactly six doors. I remember, because I
counted them the first day. three on the left, three on the right, each with a little shiny, metal doorknob.

Only now there were seven doors. Three on the left, four on the right. It didn't make sense. Everything looked proportionally exactly the same, and the far end of the
corridor was just as far away, and yet there was a fourth door in the right side of the hallway, with its little metal doorknob. I don't even know which door was the
fourth door, that's how well it blended in, I just know that there were four doors where once there were three.

"What the hell is going on?"

I turned away in my chair and back to check several times and make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me, but the number of doors remained constant.

I called my dad again and I asked him, "Is this a trick painting you sent me?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean it keeps changing. I can see it changing."

"Not as far I know. It was just one in a bunch I picked up all at the same auction."

After I got off the phone I took the painting down and checked the back for some some of mechanical or digital hocus pocus, but it was all soft canvas so I left it on the
floor behind my office chair with the painting facing the wall because the thought of it was freaking me out.

The next day I pulled my wife into my office and held the painting up so she could see it because she hadn't had a chance to before.

"How many doors are there?" I asked.

She looked it over for a moment. "Seven."

"When I first got this, there were six."

She just looked at me like I was being a goofball. "Okay, so which one wasn't there before?"

"I have no idea."

"You don't know which door magically appeared?" and she laughed and gave me a kiss and went back into the other room.

It gets worse.

The next time I chatted with Marc, I told him about the extra door in the painting.

"Are you sure there weren't seven doors to begin with?"

"Well, I would swear I counted six."

"Well, if another one shows up, at least Melissa counted seven, and can confirm it then. You know what you should do? You should take a photo of the painting so
you can prove it if anything else changes."

What a great idea, so I got my phone and took a photo of the painting.

Two days went by. Nothing.

On the third day, I walked into my office and there was a man staring at me. Well, I mean... it wasn't... I can't say that it was a man or a woman. Hell, I can't say that it
was human. There was a shape at the end of the hallway in my painting. It was oddly lacking in the detail that the rest of the painting had, like someone had hurriedly
painted it on. I even ran my hand over it to make sure it wasn't fresh, that someone hadn't actually come in and painted over my painting to drive me crazy.

It was really there.

And the look of it scared me more than anything else, changing painting included. I wish I could do it justice with words, but the best I can describe it is that it was
human-ish, with legs and arms, but it seemed squat, or hunched, and lopsided, like someone had slapped a blurry Quasimodo onto an otherwise beautiful painting. You
couldn't see the details of its face, but you could see shading on it, defining really warped features. I was almost glad that there wasn't more detail to it, except that it
left just enough to the imagination to give one nightmares.

But I had proof! Here was proof that the painting was changing. So I brought up the file on my laptop to show my wife for comparison, only when I did, the figure
was in the photo I took too!

At no point did I start questioning my sanity about all this. Something unnatural and terrifying was going on, so I took the painting out of the house and set it on the
curb where we put our trash for pickup. I was so done with that painting.

Or so I thought.

The next evening, when I got home from work, it was gone from the curb. I figured someone had seen it and taken it home, and I waved my hands and said, "Good,
now it's someone else's problem." I went in, played with daughter, had dinner, put them to bed, and after watching a show with my wife, went into my office to check
my email.

No, the painting wasn't back on the wall. I made sure of that the moment I walked in the door.

But I got a message from Marc, asking if the painting had changed anymore, and I told him about the creepy new addition and also how I had gotten rid of the painting.

"Oh man, that sounds cool. I wish I'd gotten a chance to see it."

"Well, I can send you the photo I took of it."

"Cool."

So I opened the image file.

The thing in the painting had raised its arms.

Before, you could only barely make out the arms hanging at its sides, but now both arms were raised up over its head, and its fingers were spread apart like it was
waving hello at me. I think it was waving hello at me.

I zoomed in, as best as I could without pixelating the image, and the shaded contours of the face seemed stretched into a grin.

Oh Jesus, Mary and Joseph.

I sent Marc the file, but the connection kept fucking up, so I put it in a folder on my dropbox account and gave him access to it.

"The file's corrupted." He texted me.

I tried to open it as well, but he was right. Every time I copied the image file, somehow it got corrupted.

"It must be the spooky magic." Marc joked.

"This is no joke. I'm freaking out here."

"Delete the file if it's scaring you so bad."

So I deleted the file.

But it gnawed at me, you know? The painting was still changing, in horrible, terrifying ways, seemingly acknowledging my observation of it, and now it was gone. But
if it was gone, why should it matter? If something unholy happens, it's the problem of whoever has the painting now, right? And they'll see it changing too, won't
they?

"Oh shit."

It was two days later, and I was organizing a folder of documents and had accidentally deleted a couple I hadn't meant to. I went into the Windows recycling bin and --
you guessed it-- there was the image file along with the documents.

I had to look. I was trembling with dread at the thought of it, but when something so surreal happens to you, you have to witness it and see it through to the end.

I recovered the file and opened it.

The walls of the hallway seemed to be melting. The partition separating the red from the off-white was lower than it had been before, and drooped in places. The ridge
on the lights looked like they were peeling off. The carpet seemed less crimson and more reddish brown.

And the figure had taken several steps down the corridor toward the viewer's perspective. More details had become defined: hair hanging off its head, long and black
like it had been painted with a fine-tipped brush, the eyes were little more than dull black points under the shading of the brow. The grin came with teeth, uneven and
fat, like those of a child more than an adult. Its arms were extended out on either side of it, touching both walls. One foot was ahead of the other, as if I had caught it
mid-step in a game of red light/green light.

I realized I was panting and shaking as I looked at it. It was really hard to breathe, an anxiety attack. The painting was going to make me pass out, just from looking at a
digital photo of it.

Quickly, I closed the image to calm myself down, but that suddenly brought forth the thought, What if it progresses every time I look away? The only way to stop it
is to keep looking! and I opened the file again.

No change. Oh-- no, wait, that wasn't a new change, I had noticed it before, but it hadn't dawned on me. One of the doors was open. There was a dim blue light coming
from the room inside, moonlight I thought. And just outside the threshold of the door, there was an object lying on the floor.

I zoomed in for better detail.

It was a little, yellow, stuffed lion with a scraggly, orange mane. A child's toy. Of all the details, the melting hallway, the grinning fiend with arms wide open, the blue
light from the open doorway, it was the innocent nature of that little toy lion that filled me with the most dread.

My wife came into the office.

"Come kiss Gabby goodnight."

I went into her darkened room, where she was wrapped up in blankets in her bed, hugging a half dozen stuffed animals and looking cute as could be. My little darling. I
love her so much.

I kissed my daughter goodnight. She kissed me back and hugged her little pillowpet with the built in night light. It glowed through a variety of colors.

"I love you, baby." I told her.

"Can you get my Simba?"

I looked around. "Where'd you leave it?"

"Over there." She pointed to the closet. The door was open, and her toy lay on the floor just inside.

Simba, her little, yellow, stuffed lion with the scraggly, orange mane.

Seeing it lying there, just past the threshold of the closet door, while the dim glow of my daughter's night light faded from red to purple to blue, I felt my heart rise up
in my chest. The closet was just a closet. I could see it was just a closet. There were clothes on hangers and bags with toys and blocks in them. They were right there.
And yet, as I looked at the stuffed lion lying on the floor, waiting for me, I felt as if I could see carpeting on the floor inside the closet, even though there was none.
Carpeting, not in my vision, but in my imagination. And maybe if I went in and shut the door, I'd find that the walls beyond those clothes had a wooden partition, red
below, off-white above.

And maybe there was something hunched and terrible shambling its way toward us even as I stood there staring at that toy.

I walked, briskly, trying not to look half as frightened as I was, snatched up Simba and shut the closet door. My breathing was heavy, like I'd just run a mile, and I
struggled to avoid gasping for breath as I tried to calm myself down.

"Hey, did that poster fall down?" I asked nobody in particular, then pretended I was trying to adjust a cat poster that had been on the floor by her dresser for months,
and shoved the heavy dresser over so that it partially blocked the closet door.

"Here's Simba, sweety." I handed the lion to Gabby, gave her a quick hug and kiss, and wished her goodnight before rushing back to my office.

The painting had changed, as I knew it would. The open door was closed, the toy gone from the floor, the hallway was dimly lit with yellow light from the melting
lights again. But the thing, that not-quite-human fiend, was standing right outside the now shut door, its body turned to face it with both hands pressed up against the
door itself like it was running its hands down it, caressing it, and its head turned toward me, still grinning that awful, frightening grin full of gnashed, crooked teeth.

Oh God how close had it been? No, it's just a closet! The hallway is not there. It's not real. None of this is real.

I've put up signs around the neighborhood, knocked on doors, asked everyone I know and many I don't if they know who took the painting. I need to find it and get it
back. I want to tear it, shred it in my hands, throw it in a fire and watch it burn to ashes. Jesus God in Heaven, I hope it didn't end up in some landfill.

I've learned the awful truth... all doors lead to the hallway.

                                                                       All Doors Lead to the Hallway

                                                                  Have You Seen This Painting of a Hallway part II



It never stops.

I don't know the rules. There don't seem to be any. I thought, "Okay, this thing is bound to a painting," but then the digital photo I took of the painting began to
change too. Then my daughter's toy appeared in the image, and in a panic I barricaded her bedroom closet. I wish I could tell you how it works. All I can tell you is
that if you are the one who ends up with it, it's too late. I'm sorry.

For over a week, I hunted for that painting. I had put it on the side of the road to be carted off on garbage day, but someone saw it and picked it up, took it home with
them. Who? I don't know. Do they see it changing? Is it terrorizing them now? What do I do?

It eats at you, not knowing. I refused to open the image file, afraid to see what it showed, certain that that hideously deformed creature would be twisting the knob on
the door that presumably lead to my daughter's bedroom. I lay awake, listening for the distinct sound the hinges on that door make, my heart racing like a track
runner's. Sometimes I would imagine I heard it and bolt into her bedroom only to find it dark and empty, only the soft sound of her sleeping. The closet door still shut
and blocked behind a wall of boxes.

In desperation for my own sanity, I removed the doorknob. And then I sat there at my desk, studying the knob, wondering if that had made a change in the image. Was
the knob gone in the painting? Oh, God, it was killing me to know... to see whether I was safe or not.

So I opened the file.

Jesus, Mary and Joseph, I opened the image, biting my knuckle in tension, and when I saw it my jaw clenched up so tight I tasted my own blood and nearly broke my
finger.

It was there. I mean, it was --right --there. The monster, the freak, the thing that lived inside that fucked up painting was staring right at me, filling the screen, details so
vivid it didn't look like a painting at all, it looked like I'd taken a photo of a disfigured man standing in front of a canvas.

You want a description to go with your nightmares? Its skin was like wax... pale, greasy wax. The flesh lumped up in places, sloughed off in others. It was as if
someone had tried to build a human head out of modeling clay and then left it out in the rain. There was hair, black and brown and white streaked hair that hung like
seaweed off the top of its head, running down over its face, covering its ears. If you asked me to sum up this thing in one sentence, I would say it looked like a
desiccated corpse that got dredged up out of the East River after a week in a hot July.

But the eyes, oh merciful fucking heaven, the eyes were the worst part. There was a clearness in them, a sinister intelligence that stared back at me as I tore into the
flesh of my hand with my teeth. No dullness or milky-coloration, just piercing brown eyes, looking dead at me.

And a mouth full of teeth curved into a mischievous smile. And I mean full of teeth. It was like I was looking into a shark's maw: behind the first row was clearly
another row of the same crooked, yellowing teeth. Two rows, exposed by its excited grin. That was what it was, not mischievous at all, but excited. It was happy to
see me.

It was happy to see me.

And as I had that thought, staring in escalating horror at my computer screen, this inhuman nightmare staring back at me, I knew it was true. It could see me. It wasn't
just a painting that looked like a freak of nature was staring out of the canvas, it actually was looking at me, out from my screen just as I was looking at it.

"FUCK YOU!" I shouted and closed the image. Then I deleted it. Then I emptied the recycling bin just for safe measure. Then I got up and ran away from the
computer and spent the rest of the day pacing and feeling irritable and snapping at every question my wife or daughter asked until finally they just stopped asking me
anything at all.

When I close my eyes I see it. It's there behind my eyelids now, smiling at me, its head cocked ever so slightly like a curious dog. It can't speak to me, but I feel like I
know what it was thinking. It was thinking, "Do you really think you can stop me?" No. I don't think I can.

My wife came into my office that evening. She stood there, frowning heavily and seemingly waiting for me to say something, but I was too distracted to speak up.

Finally she broke the silence. "You've got to stop."

"Stop what?"

"Stop taking things out on me and Gabby! Stop this story about a painting with a monster in it! Stop acting like you're crazy!"

"The painting is real. You saw it! I've got the image on my computer to prove it's still changing!"

"Let's see it."

"Fine! Oh, wait... I just deleted it."

"You're giving Gabby nightmares! I had to change her sheets today because she was afraid to get out of bed to go to the bathroom! This has to stop!"

"I'm trying to protect her! I'm trying to protect us!"

"Monsters don't come out of paintings!" She threw her hands up in frustration. "You're a grown man! Stop acting like a child! Stop scaring your child!"

"It's real, god damnit!"

She stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her. I just sat there, holding my head in my hands and tearing at my hair. It felt like my stomach was eating
itself from the inside. It groaned and tugged at my guts.

We'd fought before, but never like this. I should apologize. I thought.

She was in the bedroom, packing a suitcase.

"Where are you going?" I asked.

"I'm taking Gabby to my parents."

"In Indiana? For how long?"

She threw a bunch of clothes in the pile. "I don't know! That depends on you!"

"Don't go. Please."

"Look," she sighed, "you could use some time to relax. I think you're too stressed lately. And I haven't seen my family in months."

"I could go with you."

She looked at me. "Could you?"

I couldn't. I had taken too much time off already from dealing with Gabby being sick over the Winter. I pulled at my hair. "No, probably not."

She went into Gabby's room and came back with a pile of her clothes to go in the suitcase.

"Its a two-day drive." I reminded her.

"We'll stop in a hotel, like we always do. Gabby likes the one with the big pool."

I covered my face. I didn't want her to see that my eyes were brimming with tears.

"Please..."

I could feel her eyes on me.

"...call me when you get there."



I sat at my desk in an empty house. Just me and the television to keep me distracted, to keep me from thinking too much. Shut the brain off, don't let the mind wander,
you know? I wasn't actually watching it, just listening. If you asked, I wouldn't even be able to tell you what channel it was on.

The clock on the wall said it was just after 11 PM. My wife and daughter had left hours ago, and would most likely be stopping at the hotel she'd made reservations at
soon.

That was when I got an instant message from Marc. I hadn't talked to him in a couple weeks, since the whole nightmare had begun. When the painting had started to
change, I'd taken the photo of it and tried to send it to him, but for some reason, the file got corrupted every time I sent it. It felt good to get a little outside contact.

"I WANT YOU TO SEE SOMETHING" his message read.

"What is it?" I wrote back.

DING -- he sent a file. I double clicked and opened it.

It was the photo of the painting. The hallway was back to normal though, and no freakish shambling horror was staring at me or anywhere to be seen. The walls
weren't melting, the lights were normal, it was just like it had looked when I first received it from my father.

Except there were eight doors in the hallway. And like before, it fit so perfectly that I couldn't tell you which door was the new door.

I closed the picture and wrote Marc back.

"I thought the file was corrupt?"

He didn't respond. I sat there, waiting.

"It looks just like it did to begin with. Did you do something to it?" I wrote.

"LOOK AGAIN"

Something was off.

"I saw there are eight doors now."

"LOOK"

A pause.

"AGAIN"

I double-clicked the file and the bottom dropped out of my stomach. There was the painting. There was the hallway. There were the lights. There was the red
carpeting. There were the eight doors.

And there was my wife and daughter walking into the eighth door.

And in the background, there was the shadow of the shambler coming around the corner.

Oh Jesus,

I scrambled to write a message to Marc. "What's going on???"

"SEE YOU" he wrote back.

Or did he?

"SOON"

"Marc?" I typed.

No response.

I wrote his name again.

Fuck this, I thought, I need to call Melissa. I ran into the other room and grabbed my phone. Running back into the office, I kept trying to get Marc to respond while
dialing her cell number.

When she answered, I nearly screamed in relief.

"What's up?" she sounded tired.

"I just wanted to make sure you were okay." I said, trying to not sound as panicked as I was.

"Yeah, we just got into the hotel room. Good timing."

"What does it look like?"

There was a long pause. I could hear Gabby asking questions about the TV in the background.

"What does the room look like?"

"Well, actually-- what does the hall look like?"

"Uh..."

I stopped typing Marc's name into the messenger box and double-clicked the image file.

The melting man was there. He wasn't as detailed again, mostly a jumbled smudge of paints, but he was clearly halfway down the hall and looking not at the doors of
the hallway, but at me again. I could see stipples of white showing the teeth in his grin.

Oh shit, he's right there.

On the other end of the phone, I heard my wife. "I didn't really look. Hang on." I could hear the latch on the hotel door turning.

"No!" I squeezed the phone in my hand like I was holding her hand and pulling her away from whatever was on the other side of her hotel door.

"What?"

"No! Don't-- don't worry about it. Tell me tomorrow." I sat there and stared at the image on my screen. Maybe if I left it up, the thing wouldn't be able to move. Why

the fuck hadn't I thought of that before? Leave the image up and it can't possible change, right?

But what the fuck was up with Marc? Why did he send me the photo? Did he? He still wasn't responding to my messages anymore.

"You're not Marc, are you." Had I infected Marc's computer by sending the file to him?

"What was that, honey?" Oh, damn, I was still on the phone with my wife.

"Just talking to myself."

I heard Gabby again in the background. "Can we play in the pool?"

"Look, I gotta go. The pool's only open for another half hour, and I promised Gabby she could play in it. She's all wound up from being in the car." To our daughter in
the background, "Do you want to say goodnight to Daddy?"

"Wait..." She wasn't listening to me.

Gabby got on the phone. "Goodnight, Daddy."

"I love you, Gabby." I told her. "Can you put--"

My wife was back on the line.

"We love you, honey."

"I--" She hung up.

I sat there in the dark of my office, the quiet of my house, even the television seemed to have gone quiet. I sat there and stared at the image on my computer screen and
prayed. Please, God, protect them.

He didn't hear me.

I should have been with them. I failed to protect them. Instead, I sat there at my desk all night and stared at the picture of the grinning beast as it lurked in its seemingly
frozen state outside the door to my wife's hotel room.

The phone ringing in the other room snapped me awake. I wasn't really asleep, mind you, just sitting there in a trance, like a zombie, staring at the computer screen.
My brain was in a fog. I shambled into the other room and picked it up.

It was a police officer from Pennsylvania, calling to give me the bad news. They had been found in the hotel pool the following morning. They suspected that my wife
had slipped, hit her head on the tiles and fallen into the pool, holding my daughter's hand and taking her in with her. The injury apparently caused my wife to seize;
Gabby had bruises on her arms.

I knew what really happened. They had wandered into its realm. That thing in the painting. And it had finally gotten what it wanted.

I dropped the phone and walked in a trance back into my study. My stomach was fighting to reject everything inside it. Both legs seemed confused about which
direction they were supposed to be going. But I had to keep looking. I had to keep my eyes on the picture. I had to keep the monster in the painting.

Melissa and Gabby were waiting for me when I got back to my desk. It had left them dumped unceremoniously in the middle of the hallway. There was blood... on the
walls... on the doors... on the two sad forms flopped in the middle of that crimson carpeting. If I hadn't just gotten off the phone, if I hadn't known what my wife and
my daughter looked like, I might have mistaken them for just a pair of sloppily painted on additions to the whole scene. It left them for me to see. It was gone.

I closed the picture and reopened it.

Nothing changed.

I closed the picture and reopened it.

Nothing changed.

It... It was supposed to come for me. It was my curse. Not theirs.

When I finish writing this, I'm going into my daughter's bedroom. I reattached the doorknob to her closet door earlier today. I'm so sorry, Gabby. Daddy loves you.
I'm so sorry, Melissa.

I'll see you both soon.

                                                              I was a "hot single near your area."

                                                                               by MarinaMonster
                                                                      Runner Up - January Monthly Contest



If you have ever visited porn sites, you know those "hot singles near your area" ads. You probably also know how fake they are - those women in the pictures are not
actually near your area, they are just stock photos from foreign escort sites. You probably know all this well enough not to waste your time clicking those ads.

If you were, however, to click them, a chat window would open and you could choose which girl you want to chat with. At first, the chat is free, but soon it would
require signing up. Then you would have to pay for every minute you spend chatting with the girl of your choice.

I know this, because I was one of these girls.

Six years ago, I was a student and always short of money. My friend Shannon told me that he had discovered a super easy way to make money. "It's not like you're
whoring or anything. It's completely anonymous, they don't know who they're chatting with. Half of us are actually guys! You just have to pretend you're some Nikki
or Samantha next door. It's kind of fun actually. And the company pays really good money, you can work from home and choose how many hours you work per week.
All you have to do is dirty talk with some guys you're never going to meet in real life."

At first I wasn't that into the idea. It felt like cheating. But then I wondered if someone actually believed that "singles near their area" were real? Of course not. It was
just a fantasy. It was like writing erotic fiction in real time. And getting paid for it. So I let Shannon sign me up.

The system was simple. The first chat, the free one, was a bot. After the user signed up and started to pay, he got to chat with real people (that was us). Our job was
to try to keep them online as long as possible.

At first it was kind of fun. I got really creative while playing "Sally" (a shy college girl who was desperate for money), "Kaylee" (a nerdy girl with classes, super kinky
and flexible) and "Rhonda" (A curvy black girl, compassionate and motherly).

It was hilarious and I soon stopped feeling any kind of shame from doing it. Clearly my customers were enjoying themselves, and since I remained anonymous to them,
I had no risk of ruining my future career - I figured I would just leave this thing out of my future CV. The money was surprisingly good, as Shannon had told me, and
since I got to choose my working hours, it felt like a perfect choice for someone like me, who also had to study a lot.

Of course there were downsides too. As you could imagine, some guys weren't actually vanilla. I was by no means virgin, but I got to explore some stuff that I hadn't
even known existed. There were the overly violent ones, who wanted to really hurt their partner (or get hurt). Then there were those who wanted me to play a 13-
year-old. And then there were guys that were into even sicker stuff.

I don't feel like repeating those things here, but I just want you to know that it wasn't always sunshine and rainbows. Some chats left me really uncomfortable and at
times I didn't know whether I should just log out and ditch a paying customer, or keep going. But I kept telling myself that it was all just a kind of a game, a legal and
harmless way for these guys to act on their fantasies. It was just talking, they weren't really hurting anyone. Usually I played along and the more I did it, the easier it
became. To my own surprise I soon found myself chatting casually about playing with knives and kicking someone's balls.

After a year in the job it became really rare to be actually surprised. There were mostly three kinds of customers: the big majority that wanted "normal" dirty talk, the
lonely ones that were more in need of a friend or a therapist (they usually just wanted to talk about ordinary stuff) and the super kinky ones. I soon learned to deal
with all of them.

However, one time an actually strange guy logged in. He didn't seem to fit in any of the categories above. He didn't really want to talk about sex, but he didn't feel like
one of the lonely guys either. It's really hard to describe him, so I'm trying to memorize some of out first chats here. He called himself "the Fisherman". He always
wanted to talk to "Rhonda".

Me: Hi Honey. It's Rhonda here, how are you?

He: Talk to me.

Me: Okayy... what do you have in mind ;) ?

He: Just talk to me. I can't stand this fucking house. I can't stand these fucking voices. Just say anything.

Me: Well... what you're in the mood for? It's really hot in here ;) . Wanna know what I'm wearing?

He: No! No. Just... be there. Please.

Me: Okay, honey. What's wrong? Are you okay?

He: No, I'm not okay. It's these people. They are so loud! I can't take it.

Me: So... you have loud roommates?

He: Yes! I just want silence. I just want my fucking silence.

(At this point I was really confused, but kept going)

Me: Maybe you should talk to them, then? Tell them you need some privacy?

He: I can't get rid of them. There's always someone.

It went on like this. I pretty soon got the idea that he was probably not completely mentally healthy. The crazy people were pretty rare in the chat, but not
completely nonexistent. I didn't feel qualified as a therapist, but I usually did my best to make them feel better.

The Fisherman kept coming back. I always knew him right away from the way he wrote. He was in the chat for hours (At that time I started to feel bad again, this
person was clearly sick and was using all his money on a porn website), usually going on about wanting silence and loud people in his house. I started to think that
there were no people in his house - it was probably all inside his head.

The Fisherman became so common customer that I hardly had time for anyone else. He always booked Rhonda for hours in a row. It also seemed that he never talked
with other employees but me - even when they were playing Rhonda. He somehow recognized me and logged out immediately if someone else was there, saying
"You're not Rhonda". Shannon started to joke that he was madly in love with me, but I saw nothing funny in the situation. My job was not fun anymore, I had become
a personal therapist for someone. I tried to ask my boss if I could not play Rhonda anymore, but the Fisherman was bringing too much money in and my boss insisted
I kept going.

So I did. And to my own horror, I realized I had started to develop some kind of feelings towards him. Not romantic feelings, nothing like that. But I found myself
wondering how he was. I guess you can't spend hours and hours talking to someone without some kind of connection appearing. But at the same time, talking with him
always left this uneasy feeling, and I was really happy that I was just "Rhonda" to him.

This is one of the last chats I had with him:

He: I don't know how to get rid of them. There's no way out. I just want them to go away.

Me: Listen, honey, I don't think these people you talk about... I don't think they're real.

He: They're not real?

Me: No, I think you have made them up. And if they're just in your head, then you can just stop thinking about them, and they disappear.

He: I can make them disappear?

Me: I think you can.

He: And that's what you want me to do, Rhonda? Make them disappear?

Me: If that's what makes you happy, honey.

He: You're right. I can get rid of them. I can make them disappear. I can do it. Thank you Rhonda. I love you, Rhonda.

Me: Love is a big word, honey.

He: I'm gonna make them disappear now.

He logged out. It was the shortest time he had ever spent talking to me. The discussion left me strangely worried. You know that feeling when you sense you have done
something terrible, but can't really pinpoint what that is? I had exactly that feeling.

Later the same evening he logged in again. It was the last conversation I ever had with him. And also the last one I ever had there - I quit immediately after it.

He: Rhonda... what have I done? What have you done? Why did you told me to do it? Me: What? What are you talking about?

(I was so scared that I completely forget to play the role)

He: I killed them... like you said I should... and now they're dead.

Me: I don't understand.

He: They wouldn't stop talking. And then they wouldn't stop screaming. And I kept on until they stopped. And now there's silence... now there's finally silent.

Me: This is making me really uncomfortable. What have you done?

He: I killed them like you said I should. And now there's blood everywhere. I killed my wife and kids. Because you told me to. This is all your fault.

Me: Stop it.

He: This is all your fault. You did this. And you will pay. You will fucking pay, Rhonda! I will find you and I will make you pay for this.

Me: I'm going to go now.

He: Don't try to escape. This is your fault. You made me do this. This was your plan all along. You turned me on them. You did this. You did this. You. I will find you
and make you pay.

I logged out. I called Shannon and my boss almost immediately and told them I'm quitting. I told them honestly what had happened and said that under no
circumstances could they ever give my identity to anyone. I was really panicking and Shannon had to come to my place to make me calm down. She assured me that
there was no way the Fisherman could ever know who I was. Even if he were some kind of a super hacker, my real name was nowhere on the site.

My boss also assured that the company was very strict about the anonymity of their employees. Every now and then chatters contacted them and wanted to know
the real names of the people they had chatted with, but the company never gave them out. It was both for safety reasons and because they didn't want to break the
illusion. My boss assured me I was perfectly safe and he was sorry that I quit. He asked if I could stay and not play Rhonda anymore, but I was done.

I couldn't stop thinking about the Fisherman and whether he had actually killed someone, or was the whole think just a sick joke? Maybe that kind of shit turned
someone on? Shannon said this was probably the case. I followed the news, but there were no homicides that would have fitted. I considered going to the police, but
then again, I knew absolutely nothing about this person. It suddenly occurred to me that he could be anywhere in the world. Maybe he wasn't even in the same
country? He could be Chinese for all I knew.

One thing was sure after all: If the Fisherman had really killed someone, he had done it far enough to not make it to the news where I lived. I tried to Google if there had
been "family murder" anywhere on that day, but I found nothing. Shannon kept on working on the site and I asked if the Fisherman had shown up, but he seemed to be
gone. I was happy it was over and as time went by, I moved on.

I haven't really thought about the Fisherman for years. Until yesterday something happened that brought all this back to me.

After a long day at work I decided to go to see a movie, alone. I just wanted some time for myself, since I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of weeks ago and
everything has been a bit of a mess since. I chose a movie that has been on for weeks so that the theater wouldn't be full. I got lucky - the theater was almost empty
when I walked in. I chose the place I consider the best (last row, in the middle) and started taking off my jacket, when some guy walked to me.

"Is this place free?" He said. From his accent I could tell (but only barely) that he was foreign. It was so dark in the theater that I didn't properly see his face to confirm
what his ethnicity or age were.

I nodded and he sat down. I was a little annoyed, the theater was almost empty and right now I really wanted to be alone. Why did he have to sit next to me? There
was plenty of room. And then he talked again.

"You like horror movies?"

Since I really wasn't in the mood to make new friends (and I felt a bit like he was hitting on me), I politely explained that I wanted to be alone. He didn't answer, but he
took a piece of paper from his pocket and wrote something on it (I assumed it was a phone number). He then put the paper in my pocket (a bit of an invasion of
privacy, I thought) and just walked away. It was weird. He didn't just change the seat, but actually left. He didn't stay to see the movie.

I was a bit annoyed by this encounter, but soon forgot the whole thing as the movie started. It wasn't until I was at home that I remember the weird guy who had given
me his phone number. I took the paper out of my pocket just to throw it away, but there was no phone number.

There was just this text:

"I found you, Rhonda. And I will find you again."

                                                                     Gigi, the Coffee Girl

                                                                            by thespecialblank
                                                                  Runner Up - January Monthly Contest



I still remember everything like it happened yesterday. There she was, in her white sundress, standing on the edge of the sidewalk. Gray eyes cutting through the night
air, and straight into me. Cars and trucks sweeping past behind her, with the wind carrying her hair every which way, like oak trees in a storm. That sad, sad smile. I
had just dumped her.




"It would be funny," she says sadly. "It would be funny if you woke up in a few years and realized something."




"Realized what?" I say.




"If you realized that what you felt about me can't happen again. That this is what love is like, and you walked away from it," she says.




And then she is there. And then she is walking backwards.




"What are you doing-", I say.




Into the traffic.




"We could have had a good life together," she says.




And then she is everywhere.




I met Giada - or Gigi, as I came to know her - at a lonely time, when I just moved to Melbourne. I had come from way out west, from a small town a few quiet
kilometres from Ballarat. I had high hopes and dreams about making it as a highly-paid engineer, and I had to go out into the concrete jungle to pull it off.




But it's hard to make friends when you're in the middle of the city. Everyone's far too rushed, far too involved in their own lives to be human. I spent a good few
months, living alone without talking to anyone. My coworkers were just that, coworkers. They were uninterested in mixing up their private and work lives. At some
point, I had to admit to myself that I was lonely.




And then she came along.




She was a barista in one of those small laneway cafes scattered around the city. It was a beautiful day when I first saw her. With the floral bandana she used to hold her
hair up. She was whipping up a couple of cappuccinos, her rugged hands firmly set on the milk frother. "What do you want?" she shouted over the loud hissing of the
machine.




"A double espresso, thanks!" I said, as loudly as I could.

"What?" she said.




"A double espresso!" I said louder.




She pushed a button to turn the frother off for a bit. "It's called a doppio. I know, I know. But my boss insists that I tell everyone that."




"Why...?" I asked her. "A coffee is a coffee."




"Yeah well," she said. "Stupid bosses are stupid bosses."




An older man walked up behind her and pinched the skin on her waist, hard. Irritated look on his face. He must be the boss, I thought. She squealed and wriggled out of
the way and gave him a wink that said, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Then she flicked the frother back on, and I could hear her laugh over the whirring of the machine.




I started looking forward to visiting her after that. From then on, I walked up every day to her shop to steal a couple of seconds of conversation before getting back to
work. I slowly came to realize that she was hilarious, and a little bit nuts - exactly my kind of girl.




Slowly, she eventually got to know me as well. She found out about the place where I came from, and she often made jokes about me being some country bumpkin. She
would make fun of my clothes at times and tell me to change my wardrobe. I would make fun of her for being overbearingly hipster. Eventually, I started coming over
for lunch and afternoon tea as well.




On one night, after a long day at work, I found myself having tea on the corner of her shop, just before the time they closed. It was just us in the cafe. I was slumped
down on one of the tables, trying to will myself to stand up and walk home.




She was wiping down the counters, and then she suddenly stopped. "Screw this," she said.




"Long day?" I replied.




"Yuup," she said. "Let's chill for a while. I can't handle this."




She plugged her phone into the aux cable leading to the cafe's sound system. Slumped against one of the old wooden chairs scattered around the shop. She closed her
eyes, draped a towel over her face, and tilted her hair back. We sat like that for a while.




"Hey, I have an idea," I said. I turned down the dimmer on the store's tracking lights, and turned the volume up on the sound system. I took my lighter out, and lit one
of the candle stubs that lay on the tables. "See?" I said. "Isn't this calming?"




She threw her head back, laughing heartily. "It seems more seductive than calming. Are you trying to be romantic, Karl?" she said.

"Maybe I am. Maybe I am," I said. "Is it working?"




She curled her thin lips into a sly smile. "Maybe...a little. It's corny as hell, but it's working a little."




I leaned in for a kiss.




Things went really well after that, if only for a while. I ended up visiting her a little less, as we spent some weekdays hanging out at her place. She had such a high-
energy job, that she spent the bulk of her time at home watching TV and getting high.




For a few weeks, I started to look forward to the times when I would visit her place with a tub of ice cream and caramel popcorn. I would knock on her door with a
bunch of flowers - jonquils were always her favorite - and she would greet me with a light slap on the face and that wry smile.




On some days, I'd want to come over, and she'd tell me that she needed her space. And that was fine - I respected that, and I liked having time to myself as well. But on
most nights, we'd just sit and slump over her couches, our heads too fucked from the weed, watching bad TV until we passed out.




On one of those nights, we were lying down on her bed while we waited for an episode of The Blacklist to load. It had been a solid 10 minutes since it stopped
playing, but time is on a stasis when you're on pot. I put an arm around her, and she cuddled up next to me.




"Are you happy like this?" she suddenly whispered.




"Like what?" I replied.




"Like this. Not doing anything. Just chilling out, being lazy, whiling out the hours..." she said, looking up at me. "Don't guys like to do shit all the time?"




"Yeah..." I said, pausing for a moment to think. "I do like to do stuff. But I like to do whatever makes me happy...and you know what? This is making me happy right
now."




She giggled, and gave me a light bite on my chest. "You're such a cheeseball. Jesus. It hurts me sometimes."




I laughed, and we held each other for a while. I could hear the cars zip by the road next to her house. Tram bells ringing from a distance. The rapid clicking of a
pedestrian walk sign, the mellow conversations of the people passing by, muted sounds filtering through her open bedroom window.




"You love me, don't you?" she suddenly said. "Like, I think it's a little obvious."




"You could say that," I replied.




"I have baggage," she whispered. I could her her voice almost snapping in half. "I have a lot of baggage. Baggage you don't know about yet. I just wanna know if you're
gonna be cool with that."

I kissed her on her forehead. "I think I'll be okay, Gigi," I said. "I think I can handle it."




Love makes you do all sorts of crazy things - but one thing they don't tell you is that it makes you overestimate yourself. It's a bit like being drunk: you think you
could maybe make that jump if you tried hard enough. You think that maybe nothing can break you. You think you could maybe be invincible. But you're not.




And I was like that, for a while. Over time, she exposed a few parts of herself that she didn't let anyone see.




It was the angry bouts of depression that hit me the most. She would go on for a whole day at times, slumped on the floor of her apartment, staring at the ceiling.
Almost catatonic with dread. She would play sad songs and curl up on the corner - and she wouldn't reply when I tried to talk to her. I would try to ply her with
sweets and flowers, but she would sit there with her knees bent against her chin, unable to move.




The next day, she would be fine and smiling. She would try to apologize in many different ways - she'd buy me lunch, ply me with sex, be a little more affectionate
than usual. It was almost like she was buying her apologies with favors.




"I'm so fucking sorry about yesterday. I was so lame," she'd say, her words reeking of something sad and desperate, but trying to mask it with a smile. "I'll make it up
to you, okay?"




"It's okay, Gigi," I'd say with a strained smile. "I can handle it. I told you I'd handle it."




One time, she was driving her car on one of the outer suburbs after a party. I was a little drunk, and so was she, but she was in a better state to get us home. We were
slowly cruising through the back streets while I was nodding off.




Suddenly, I felt a sharp swerve and felt the car driving off the road. I opened my eyes. The bumper of the car was planted against the fences of a house, pots of flowers
broken against the hood. Gigi opened her door and quickly ran outside, sprinting towards the front of the car. She had forgotten to put it on park.




I watched as she bent towards the mess of the posies and dark soil, crying. She clutched the broken branches and leaves close to her face and she whispered, "I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm sorry." She sobbed and sobbed, visible through the broken headlights, and I sat inside the car as I suddenly realized that she went to places where I
couldn't reach her, couldn't help her at all.




I like to think that I did everything I could. But maybe I could have done more.




There is an exhaustion that sets in when you're trying to pick somebody up from the ground. It's a kind of tiredness that makes you realize that caring has a cost.
Making yourself responsible for someone's happiness has a cost.




But I tried. Maybe not my best, but I tried. She was fantastic when she was fine, but I sat with her for long nights when she wasn't. When she was her old self, we'd
hang out and sometimes I could pretend that we were in that coffee shop again, bantering our way to get through the week. When she wasn't, I stayed awake with her,
lying on the floor alongside her when the she was too terrified of the world to move.

Sometimes, I came to resent that.




And in a bout of selfishness on my side, I came to resent it more. The small part of me that was tired and sleepless grew and grew, like a tumor on my side.




And in a bout of crooked selfishness, I decided that I had to let go.




I steeled myself with a couple of whiskey shots from the bar next door. I had no illusions that what I was going to do was a good thing. I was abandoning someone. I
was going to abandon her.




I called her. She answered after two rings.




"Hey Karl!" she said with a smile in her voice. "You going to come over tonight? I miss you."




"Gigi, we need to talk-" I started.




Sudden silence on the other end.




"-Listen. I've been doing some thinking, and I...I think I need a little space," I continued. I could hear a sharp sigh on the other end. More silence. I forged on ahead
anyway. "I just need some time to recharge...maybe a bit, you know? Things have been a bit intense lately."




"You said you'd be here for me," she whispered.




"I just need a bit of time, is all," I replied.




"You said you could handle it, Karl. You said...you said you could handle it."




Muffled sobs on the other end. "I'm sorry, Gi," I said. "It turns out that I can't, after all. I'm so fuckin sorry."




The line was live for a while. We were on opposite ends of the call, both saying nothing, just taking it all in. I forced myself to listen as she tried to muffle herself, stop
herself from crying. In a way, it was like all the other times I laid on the floor with her - but this was the last time.




"Okay," she finally said. "Okay. Okay. I understand. But can you meet me one last time, at least? You owe my one last date."




I said yes.

And suddenly, there she was, in her white sundress, standing on the edge of the sidewalk. Gray eyes cutting through the night air, and straight into me. Cars and trucks
sweeped past behind her, with the wind carrying her hair every which way, like oak trees in a storm. That sad, sad smile.




"It would be funny," she said sadly. "It would be funny if you woke up in a few years and realized something."




"Realized what?" I said.




"If you realized that what you felt about me can't happen again. That this is what love is like, and you walked away from it," she said.




And then she walked backwards.




"What are you doing-", I said.




Into the traffic.




"We could have had a good life together," she said.




And then she was everywhere.




The rest is a blur of siren lights and police cars and ambulances and interviews and questions and family and phone calls and whatever else and it hurts to think about,
so I let it take over me and I let myself go numb. I see myself walking forward, but I'm not there. She's not here. She's everywhere, and she's gone.




And then I'm taking the my copy of her apartment keys and I'm walking but I don't want to. I do anyway. The lights are on, but no one's home and I'm on automatic
and a part of me tries to replay what just happened. But everything just shuts down.




And I unlatch the doors to her apartment, the same door that I hung outside with and waited with ice creams and flowers and her-




-and the place smells like she still lives here and in here is everything that she owns-




-and I stop remembering the bad times and I remember only the highlights with her in the coffee shop and the candles and her laugh and the caramel popcorn and
making fun of me-




-and it's a wave I'm trying to hold back because I don't want to feel it when it comes, but it's coming anyway. I walk towards her bedroom. Her sheets are a mess. And
it's not until I see what's on that bed that it all comes down, and I realize that life is broken now and will always be.




It was a pregnancy test. With two bright red lines.

                                                I thanked the man who murdered my only friend.

                                                                               by manen_lyset
                                                                    Runner Up - January Monthly Contest



I am not a social man, and I have had few friends in my life. Sal, the bartender at my favorite pub, was one the select few in my inner-circle. I know what you're
thinking: he's a bartender, he HAS to be friendly to get a good tip. You're wrong, it goes beyond that. I'd known Sal for over 25 years, and sat across from him at the
bar almost every day since we met. When I got married, Sal was my best man. When my wife threw me out, it's at Sal's home that I stayed. When she took full
custody of my daughter, it was Sal who consoled me. He was a good friend, always willing to listen to me and give me advice, like any bartender would. Unlike the
other `tenders; however, Sal actually cared.




Now, Sal was a very private man with a rather quiet demeanor. That said, on the few occasions where he chose to let loose, he talked a LOT. Sal had a way of capturing
the attention of everyone in the room. This might sound a bit clichd, but he'd regale us with stories of his youth. He told us about his cross-country trips, his
overseas adventures, his mishaps, and his entertaining anecdotes. When he spoke, his audience sat on the edges of their seats, hanging on his every word as he gave
them the juicy details of his endless tales. He was old now, and couldn't travel quite as often. He didn't seem to mind: he always had a smile on his face and a cheerful
attitude that brightened the mood of everyone he came across.




One evening, as I was enjoying a drink, I noticed a man in a booth staring at Sal from across the room. At my angle, I could barely make out his short and spiky raven
hair. I pointed him out to Sal, and he told me he'd been coming in every night that week, never ordering anything. Sal, being the big softie that he was, couldn't bring
himself to kick the guy out. Considering I went to the pub every night, I was surprised I hadn't seen the stranger until that evening. I was probably too drunk to notice.




Later that night, after drinking one too many drinks---as I tended to do all too often, according to my ex-wife--- I passed out across a row of chairs. Sal trusted me
enough to leave me there, even after closing time. I woke up long before dawn, and made my way through the dimly-lit bar to the backdoor, which could only be
opened from the inside. This wasn't my first time taking a snooze alone in the bar, so I knew my way around well enough not to run into any of the tables on my way
out.




As I opened the door to the back alley, I heard what sounded like applause, but it turned out to be the sound of three dozen crows taking flight. They hovered above
the cold alleyway for a few moments, and then landed on and around the leaky dumpster in the front. I jumped when I saw the damned birds. I'm not afraid of crows,
mind you. I even feed the ones at work during lunch. They startled me, is all. A hunter's moon peeked through the clouds and illuminated the scene: there was someone
standing on the other side of the dumpster, in the forest of crows. It was the man I had seen earlier that night. He had his back turned to me, wearing a black trench coat
and boots laced with multiple buckles. There was a large crow perched on his shoulder. Something was odd about his back: a bulky mass moved under his coat, causing
it to shift around like curtains in the breeze.




The dumpster smelled particularly putrid tonight, I thought. I glanced at the stranger, who stood between me and the street. I moved towards him and saw that his
crow was chewing on something. At first, I thought it was a gummi worm, but as I approached, I realized it was much darker and oozed crimson blood onto the cold,
wet pavement. Then, I saw Sal. He lay on the ground, his body ripped open, serving as a buffet for the hungry crows to feast on. They pecked at his innards, taking
turns chewing on his softer organs. I could hear the crunching sounds as they broke apart his bones with their abnormally strong beaks. Bringing a hand to my mouth, I
emitted an audible gasp. The sound caught the stranger's attention, and he slowly turned to face me. His golden, serpentine eyes reminded me of headlights. Something
in his left hand gleamed in the moonlight: it was a short silver dagger, the edge covered in liquid that belonged in my friend's veins.




I should have been terrified...angry...sad...but...I felt strangely calm. My eyes were transfixed on the surreal scene and the man at the center of it all. Though he held a
weapon, and though he had used that weapon to murder my friend, I did not feel as though I was in any danger. The man gave me the quiet smile of a Grecian statue,
projecting calmness despite the feeding frenzy at his feet. His footsteps echoed down the narrow alley as he made his way towards me. My heart thumped hard in my
chest. Paralysed with fear or disbelief, I watched him outstretch a hand to my face, with a gentle elegance seldom attributed to the male gender. The crow on his
shoulder tilted its head as its master scraped his long black nails against my cheek. I felt a faint stinging sensation, no worse than that of a paper cut. The man gave me
an amused hum as he brought his fingers to his mouth and tasted a few drops of my blood.




I'm not sure how long it took me to snap out of the shock, but when I finally did, I looked towards Sal's final resting place, and saw that there was nothing left of my
old friend, not even a drop of blood. The stranger turned his back to me, and a sudden flood of adrenaline compelled me to grab a wooden plank from the floor. I threw
myself towards the man, but stopped all of a sudden, when his trench coat slid off. Two massive black wings clutched to his back like climbing vines. Black veins lead
to and from the appendages, which flared out with a sound similar to that of an unfurling sail. The man gave me one final look, and spoke to me in a deep, booming

voice. "You'll thank me one day.", he said. With that, the crows took flight, and the man disappeared. I was left alone in the alleyway as the sun rose: no evidence of
the man, his crows, or my dead friend.




I tried going to the cops, but what could I tell them? I sat in front of the police station, going over the facts in my mind. They'd never believe that some sort of...crow-
demon and his army of minions ate Sal. I ultimately chose inaction, hoping I'd merely suffered a booze-induced nightmare. It was no nightmare: Sal was reported
missing by the pub's owner a few days later. An investigation began, and what the police uncovered shocked even me, who had seen a guy get eaten by a flock of
crows. They found evidence linking Sal to no less than 15 cases of missing children. He had kept trophies of their remains hidden in a safe under his bed. Then it hit
me: the reason for Sal's frequent trips in his youth. He'd been doing the wretched deed far from home so he wouldn't get caught.




This may sound weird, but I am still grateful for Sal's friendship. As I explained earlier, I'm not a very social man. When you get to be over 20, it becomes a lot harder
to meet people outside of work, and the friends you do have tend to drift away. Sal helped me through tough times, and I'll always be thankful for his friendship. I still
mourn him...not...the bad parts. I mourn the loss of the man I thought he was. It may seem strange to you...but that's how I feel. These days, I've stopped drinking. I
haven't set foot in that pub since the day Sal died. My ex and I even got back together. I get to see my kid every day, and that is the greatest gift of all. I guess in a way,
losing Sal was one of the best things that ever happened to me.




On my way home from work yesterday, I saw a crow with familiar snake eyes gleaming like headlights. He gave me a knowing nod, and I knew we understood one
another. Among the horrific things found in Sal's home, they had retrieved a fully-packed duffel bag, a single one-way ticket to Mexico for the day after he was killed,
and hundreds of photos of my wife and daughter. The crow man saved them. And that, my friends, is why I smiled to that crow and uttered two simple words: "Thank
you."

March 2015

                           Bought a camping backpack from an estate sale and found these pages inside.

                                                                               by thewhistlers
                                                                      Winner - March Monthly Contest



There was a bundle of papers wadded in a deep pocket of the backpack, but I didn't notice until after I got it home. I went back to the house where the estate sale was
held, and a young woman answered the door. She couldn't say who the backpack belonged to and had no interest in the papers. Her grandmother was the one who died
(of old age, natural causes). Apparently she was a bit of a hoarder, so I don't know if I'll ever be able to track down the source. The handwriting is tiny, and the pages
are damaged. I'll transcribe as faithfully as I can.

September 5th

The man on the trail is dead and will need to be moved. It is a more difficult task than I would have guessed, and nearly impossible for a 5' 4" woman with no help and
no gurney. I tried to drag him toward camp right after I found him this morning, but only succeeded in pivoting him and twisting his legs around each other horribly.
Bodies look so wrong once they stop feeling pain. I never thought I would have so much experience with death, but I haven't cried over the loss of someone since the
lighthouse. This man shit his pants before he died, and moving him made the smell worse. It will bring the animals in. Still no sign of Ira or Bill.

September 6th

I used Ira's foam sleeping mat like a sled to move the dead man. It still took me an hour to drag him thirty yards, and now the mat is so torn up that I'm questioning
whether it was worth the effort.

Gary Law. His driver's license is in his wallet. He's from Utah. I took the sight of him as a good sign at first. Another human on the trail might have meant we were
close to civilization, but now I'm not sure what he was doing out here, or what it means. I can't tell what killed him. No claw marks, no wounds on his hands. He's
stoutly built, but with a bagginess about his physique that makes me think he was starving. He died with his mouth open, every mucus membrane turned ash gray. I
don't think he was attacked. It's a relief--if he had been missing pieces the logical thing to do would have been to move camp, but then Ira and Bill would have come
back to nothing. I'm more afraid of being separated from them than I am of anything else. Still waiting on them both.

September 8th

I spent all day yesterday stripping and burying Gary Law. He was shorter in stature, but his clothes should fit Bill well enough. His feet were small, so I'm keeping the
socks for myself. They're almost brand new, thick, blue wool. I can tell he wasn't an outdoorsman. Everything else was new too: new shoelaces, new cross-trainers,
new windbreaker, none of it quite right for someone trekking this far out. And the pants are from Banana Republic, pleated, and with a neat sheen. These aren't pristine
like everything else, and were hemmed by a tailor. I washed them in the creek, but they still smell like shit and death. Everything does, actually, to the point that I think
the smell might be on me, in me. I weighted the pants down on a stone near the ridge that gets full sun. I miss bleach. I put green boughs on the signal fire today, but
there was no answering smoke. I'm more worried about Ira than I am about Bill. It was Bill who found this trail to begin with. He always finds his way.

September 9th

Bill came back today. He took his time coming through the trees, and I got so scared I almost fired the gun. But he clapped, and I clapped back, and he called out to say
he was injured. It was the loose shale on the hill between camp and the cave where Lillian was killed. He got caught in a slide and wound up buried to his hips, and one
foot wedged between boulders. He couldn't get free until the rocks shifted again, which they did, that night, when a whistler came by. He's sure it didn't see him. He
had to spend two days convalescing within sight of Lillian's cave before he was well enough to hike back. Two nights alone out there.

I boiled water while I listened to his story, and gave Bill some aspirin from the dead man's backpack. His foot needed to be wrapped, but I don't think it's broken.

"We should stop splitting up," I said.

He nodded and pushed his pack toward me. There was salmon and berries and some mushrooms I didn't really trust.

"We should think about hiking out," he said. "Pick a direction and go. It's been four weeks. We'll only get weaker."

"When Ira comes back," I agreed, but Bill pursed his lips like there was something he couldn't say.

"What?"

But he only shook his head.

It's been ten days now since Ira left.

September 11th

I woke up this morning to a sound I thought was a whistler, but it was actually Bill, on his knees, crying at Gary Law's grave. I yelled at him about it--about waking
me up and making so much noise. He looked hurt, and I felt bad. I'm just worried about Ira, I think, and afraid. I don't know what we'll do when the weather starts
getting colder. If we wait too much longer, hiking out won't be an option. There hasn't been any sign of rescue--no planes or helicopters, no smoke. No sounds but
wolf howls and the distant whistling, like elk mating calls, almost. If Ira were here, he'd tell us a story to get our minds off things. He's a registered nurse. He doesn't
panic.

September 12th

I apologized to Bill last night. He shook his head like it was nothing, so I put my hands on his shoulders and apologized again, because I needed him to really hear it.

"Well I'm sorry you were alone," he said. "We should never have left you alone."

He was looking into my eyes so sadly, and I imagined he was remembering all of the awful things of the past weeks, and feeling the same guilt I felt. It was our research
that brought everyone here, our recklessness and curiosity to blame.

Then he kissed me, and kept kissing me, and finally I kissed him back, because I was feeling something for once. Not even lust, really. More like homesickness. A little
breakthrough of pain and wonder after all the bitterness and hardening and cold. We undressed each other and had sex in the tent. I don't know why. I've never cheated
on Ira before. Never even thought about it. This didn't seem wrong, in the moment, but now it's difficult to write down. It just felt like something we both needed. We
didn't say anything at all. Afterward he went outside to sleep by the fire, like he couldn't stand to be so close. He spent this morning hauling water and wood, barely
pausing to acknowledge me. I don't think it will happen again. I don't think either of us will tell Ira.

September 15

It's late. We hear whistlers, just north of us, a chorus of them. Bill says he hears eight distinct tones, but I don't know. It could be dozens. We put the fires out, and
now we're crouched in the tent with the knives and the gun. Bill reaches for me, puts himself between me and the sound when it crescendoes. I don't think he knows
why he does it. I don't think it would make a difference. We won't sleep tonight.

September 21st

Ira is back. His coat is in tatters, and his hat is gone. He isn't speaking. I would call it shock, but he's the only one with medical training, and I don't really know what
to make of him. He walks and moves fine. He doesn't look at me. Doesn't seem to see me.

I feel so guilty. I'm the reason he's out here. Now every time I look up I find Bill staring at me. He tries to communicate with looks, but all I ever make out is the fear
and shame. Ira won't eat. We zipped him into the dead man's jacket and left him to sleep, but he's been shaking and mumbling all afternoon. He seems exhausted, but
he hardly closes his eyes. It's my fault.

September 26th

Ira hasn't improved much, although he is sleeping now, and eating some. I've only seen him sick once before, food poisoning on our honeymoon. He was so stoic about
it, and didn't want my help. Now he hasn't got much choice. I walked about a mile north and shot a porcupine, and Bill is setting up an alder smoker so we can save
the meat. He's getting serious about us hiking out, but I'm not sure how we'll manage it with Ira so sick. "He made it back here, didn't he?" Bill said. "He'll snap out of
it."

Maybe so. Neither of us has speculated about what Ira saw. All we know is he was on the south side of the mountain. Bill has proposed we go west as far as the river,
then follow it south. If he's right about where he thinks we are, we'll hit Red Hill before it starts to snow. There's a lodge there, and a few permanent residents, or so
the helicopter pilot said. If anyone is looking for us, they've certainly asked around in Red Hill. I'm glad we have meat now. I've been feeling weak.

September 30th

Ira is recovering, and not a moment too soon. I woke this morning with his arms around me, and the look in his eyes said he knew where he was, who I was, and was
bursting with something he wanted to say but couldn't. "It's okay," I told him. "Be patient with yourself."

We had a cold snap last night that left frost on the ground. All three of us cuddled together to sleep, Ira between Bill and I, and at one point Bill reached over to grab
my shoulder. I think we're done with the awkwardness. I think we both know we were just scared.

We don't have anywhere near enough food for the journey, but we're leaving tomorrow anyway. Bill has a cold.

Edited for spacing. I'll keep going through the papers and let you know what I find. .

.

.

UPDATE 3/5/2015

Hi all. I'm glad so many of you shared my enthusiasm about the first entries, though my enthusiasm has since twisted into something else. Yesterday, in the comments,
I mentioned that I felt lucky for finding these pages at the estate sale. I don't feel lucky anymore. I feel guilty.

This is going to sound crazy, but the more I read and transcribe, the more anxious I feel about the pages and the woman who wrote them. Her name is Ruth--that comes
out in tonight's excerpt. I still don't know much about her--I have no leads to share about the young woman at the estate sale or her grandmother. Yet, I feel like Ruth is
close. Like she's aware of what I've done. Like she's angry. I can't explain it. It's as if I can hear her. Whispers of disappointment rising along with my own pulse. I'm
certain now that she never meant her words to be used this way--to be posted online with so little context, offered up as entertainment. I didn't sleep well last night.

Still... I feel like we've started something now that needs to be finished. A few of you expressed interest in seeing Ruth's original pages, but I think that's where I should
draw the line. It's where I can redeem myself. I'm uncomfortable with the idea of photographing the original documents--her original words--and turning them into just

another memento mori for the internet to have its way with. At this point, it makes no difference to me if you believe me or not. I guess that might seem selfish, but
you can't hear her like I can.

Anyway, here's the rest of what I've transcribed so far:

.

.

.

October 3rd

Third day of walking.

I wish I could talk to Lillian about what happened with Bill. She was young, ambitious, and so funny. Plus, she had a whole hoard of birth control pills. She and Geoff
were dating. I forget how many you take in emergencies, and how soon after it has to be. But the pills are in her pack, and her pack is in the cave with the whistlers and
whatever is left of her. She had the maps. She had everything that mattered. The cave is miles behind us now.

We built a big cairn by the stream. At some point, we'll have to lead rangers out here, I'm sure. They'll want to collect Lillian, and Geoff, and the helicopter pilot. I
can't remember his name. I hope one of us makes it out so his family can hear that it wasn't his fault. He had three daughters, and was expecting a fourth. I can't
imagine what his wife is doing now. If anyone finds this: it was an electrical malfunction. He got us to the ground safe and sound. He was perfect, even fixed the
problem, but then the weather closed in, and we couldn't take off. Lillian knew the way, so we hiked to the lighthouse. And then the whistlers came.

October 10th

It has rained for two days. The dead man's jacket is nowhere near warm enough for Ira, and too big, but we don't have anything else. At least it's waterproof.

We hear whistlers every night now, just after sunset. Three or four of them, calling back and forth. Bill is convinced they're tracking us. We stack rocks high around the
fire.

We're following a new game trail now, instead of the river. The walking is easier. I didn't think twice about it until last night. Bill leaned forward on his elbows at the
fireside while the whistlers seemed to be circling us.

"What if this isn't a game trail?" he said, his voice a low murmur. "What if they made this?"

I don't have the energy to think about that. It's simple: If we're walking a trail they made, if their nightly whooping is urging us into a trap, we're fucked.

Ira curls up in a ball when the whistlers start calling. He writhes like someone is sticking him with pins. All he's said so far is "Let's go."

October 14th

It hailed today, hard. We had to take shelter under a tree, and when dark fell there were no whistles for the first time in a week. The silence was somehow more eerie
than the threat of the whistlers. Ira felt it too, because about fifteen minutes after dark he stood up and started whooping and whistling out into the rain, calling and
screaming in a tone that didn't sound like him. Bill yelled at him to be quiet, but he acted as if possessed, calling out to them at the top of his lungs with his eyes rolling
back in his head. Bill tackled him to the ground and beat him to shut him up.

"Stop it!" I said, at first, but when Ira didn't stop making noise Bill looked at me, and I closed my eyes and nodded. He had to knock Ira cold to get him to be quiet,
and he was sobbing while he did it, pleading with Ira to settle down. The wind was sharp, and I think it saved us. Every tree was vibrating and creaking and howling.
The whistlers had likely all retreated to their caves.

Maybe they hibernate. Maybe they'll leave us alone soon.

October 17th

Ira was his old self this morning, as completely as if we had gone backward in time. He was up before either of us, heating water. He said he took so long to recon the
south side of the mountain because the whistlers caught him in a trap.

"It was a hole, clearly dug with tools." He was shaking while he spoke. "They only came at night, and I didn't get a good look at them. I could hear them, and see
silhouettes, but nothing definite. It was too dark. I don't know what they wanted with me. I got out. I climbed out. And I ran."

We're well away from there now, finally reaching the end of the ridges and the start of a valley where everything is very green. I hope the change in biome means a
decrease in the whistler population. Part of me wants to take steps to document as much, if it's true, but all of our field notes were lost with Lillian's gear, plus the
night vision goggles and the cameras. My biggest fear is that we'll all be killed, and our disappearance will inspire some other young researchers to come up here to
solve the mystery for themselves. We'll become just another line in the sick folklore that draws people to this cursed place. I would hate to be part of that cycle,
knowing what I know now. The whistlers are very real, and they don't want us here.

November 1st

I dreamed last night that I was pregnant with Gary Law's baby. Nothing else happened in the dream. I was hiking endlessly with Ira and Bill, and all three of us knew

that I had been with the dead man, and it bothered us, but we wouldn't talk about it. I woke up with my period, thank God. I've never been so happy doing laundry.

We've made camp by a small lake in the low point of the valley. It's uphill from here to a distant saddle Ira thinks he remembers seeing from the air. It's only about two
miles away. Red Hill should be just beyond that, Ira says, but we don't have the energy to push that far yet. We'll rest today, and tomorrow we'll move, and hopefully
we'll be drinking beer at the Red Hill lodge before dark.

Ira is the best shot, so he took the gun to look for rock ptarmigan. We lit two fires and agreed he's not to go beyond shouting distance, but I still worry. The whistlers
don't seem willing to attack when we're in a group. Lillian and Geoff were both alone when they were killed. Besides, I'm not convinced Ira is fully recovered yet. He
says nonsensical things in his sleep, cries out and scratches. That's new.

Bill and I went fishing after the laundry was done. It was stupid, doing it in that order. All we caught were minnows, and even that took hours.

He was staring at me while we sat. The cold was seeping into my bones, making me irritable. I haven't been warm in weeks.

"What?" I said.

"He's not himself. You know it." He meant Ira.

"He's better than he was. He's okay. We'll find him a doctor in Red Hill."

"What if Red Hill isn't on the other side of that saddle? What if we get up there and we're facing another week's worth of empty forest? What then?"

I realized my eyes were closed. I opened them, and the lake seemed oddly bright. Bill's fingers were pressed against his brow.

"We'll worry about that when we have to," I said.

"I'm saying I don't trust him like this, Ruth. He doesn't remember the other night, after the hail. He can't control himself." He flexed his hands. "He could get us
killed."

"He's my husband."

"He's my brother."

I nodded, but that was all I could do. I have known Bill longer than I have known Ira, and spend more time with him most days, back at home, since we work in the
same department. He introduced me to Ira at a Christmas party. Six years ago, now.

"What should we do?" I asked.

"I don't know. But I think we may need to be open to the idea of cutting the rope, at some point. If he gets any worse, it may come to that."

Bill started rock climbing on the weekends in college. "Cutting the rope." It's a metaphor for letting Ira die so we can live.

November 2nd

Yesterday, while Ira was still out hunting, we heard three shots in the woods. Two too many to take down a rock ptarmigan, and Bill and I stood, staring, tense, for just
a moment before we hurried to put out the fires and pack what we could into our bags. Ira came running into camp, breathing so hard he couldn't say what was wrong.
He had no gun and no bag, and he grabbed my arm as soon as he was close enough and pulled me through the grass, up the valley, toward the saddle. Bill looked
alarmed. He caught up to us and pried us apart. He yelled at Ira and handed me my haphazardly stuffed pack. All our clothes were still wet, torn from the line, and
Ira's eyes were wild. He stared off behind us, toward the woods he'd run from.

"It's a warning," he said. "I understand it now. It's a warning." Bill tried to talk him down, but then we heard the whistlers' eerily musical voices. I've never heard it
during daylight, and never so close as this. I followed Ira's gaze into the trees, and stared, and listened. I couldn't move my legs. I couldn't even draw breath. I held
onto my pack straps with a stony grip, like it was attached to a balloon that might whisk me out of harm's way any moment.

Ira took my arm again, and now Bill was helping him, pushing me along the trail until I could run, until we all were running as fast as we could. The trail led straight
into the open, and we all reacted differently, ducking through alders or sweeping wide from the trail to be closer to the cover of the hemlock. Ira took the shortest path,
straight through the matted grass of the game trail, and soon he was far ahead of me, and it was all I could do to keep my eyes on him and my legs moving as fast as
they would go. He was the first to reach the hill covered in scrub, the saddle between two jagged peaks. He ducked low as he ran, and I lost sight of him.

Bill's bad foot and pack slowed him down, and I saw him stop and crouch, wide-eyed, beneath the trees, after we'd been fleeing for ten minutes that felt like fleeting
seconds. Ira's vanishing sent panic straight to my toes. It took me no time to decide not to wait with Bill. I had to catch Ira. I kept running until I reached the ridge, my
lungs burning, but once I arrived there was no sign of him, no trail to follow. I lumbered to the crest of the saddle, clapping frantically, looking back over my shoulder
for Bill, who was also gone. From so high up I could see the forest beyond, and the river, and a flat brown bay at low tide. No town. No Red Hill. I clapped, but neither
of them clapped back. I was so exposed, but the whistling was distant now, and in fact I couldn't pick it apart from the wind with any certainty. I walked closer to the
trees, and built two fires with my firesteel and shaking hands, the second in the open of the hilltop, big and smoky. The hemlock makes for thick cover. There was
plenty of dry tinder.

We left the tent behind, and the sleeping pads. Bill had the stove and the cooking pots. Ira had the gun. I have the hatchet, the firesteel, the wet laundry.

I made a lean-to with a small roof of boughs, and sat through the evening with my back tense against a thick tree, and waited, and slept fitfully. I did the same today,

and kept the fires alive, and now it's getting dark. I should walk back down into the valley to collect the tent, but the sound of the daytime whistle is stuck in me like a
splinter. I can't face the creature that made that sound, even after years of looking for it. I never believed the stories, not really. We came here to research the folklore.
To listen to elderly trappers and hunters tell the outlandish stories they grew up with, to record them for posterity. We should never have come here.

No sign of Ira or Bill.

                                                             Ruth's Account of the Whistlers (Part II)



In response to the reservations I expressed about posting the previous section, /u/kiastrashero said:

   By the notes you have transcribed it sounds more like she WANTS the story told as a warning for others not to go looking for whatever they were out there to
   find. Hopefully that eerie feeling you are getting is just from reading these accounts by yourself.

I hope that's true. I hope everyone who reads this will take it as the cautionary tale Ruth intended. Judging by what's left, I think this will be the penultimate update.

We pick back up on the third of November, the second morning after Ruth was separated from Ira and Bill:

.

.

.

November 3rd

The rain came through my pine shelter last night, but at least I can say it broke me out of my trance. I tightened the hip belt on my pack, added a few hours of wood to
both fires, unsheathed my knife and taped it to my hand. Bill told me to do this, a long time ago, if I knew I might have to run and fight at the same time. I'm walking
back north, toward the place where I saw him fall. Toward the place where the whistlers surprised us.

Whistlers aren't the only things to worry about in these woods. There are bears, wolves, coyotes--fearless predators that encircle our warm camp at night.
Conventional wisdom is to make noise when passing through denser growth. Avoid surprising a carnivore. Yet, I have long suspected that noise lures the whistlers.
Prey species don't announce themselves. They pass in stealth. After what happened to Lillian and Geoff and recently Ira, I have no doubt that we are prey.

I resolved to go quietly along the margin of the hemlock. Keeping the game trail to my right, the signal fire's smoke squarely at my back, I walked carefully, keeping
low, whispering for Bill whenever the wind slowed, pausing sometimes to listen hard. After nearly an hour of creeping and murmuring fruitlessly through the trees, I
lost my caution.

"Goddammit, Bill!" I shrieked, and seconds later his clap came, two shocks of sound.

I clapped back, and he did too, and then I found him, damp and chilled to the bone, slumped against the base of a tall spruce tree not thirty feet from where I'd yelled.
The needles where he sat were soft and dry, and I sat down right beside him, overcome. I tore the tape off my hand and held his face in my palms. His eyes were alert,
despite everything.

"Where are you hurt?"

He lifted his ankle. It was still wrapped, but swollen now, risen like bread dough. It must have been fractured all along, and our sprint across the valley was the final
straw.

He was quiet, but grimaced as I wrestled off his sock and the inadequate wrappings. I held his foot against my thigh, feeling the mess of swollen tissue. There was deep
blue bruising all across the top of his foot. He took my hands before I could do anything more.

"Where is Ira? I smelled the smoke from your camp."

I shook my head. "I couldn't catch him. He didn't have a pack to weigh him down, and he's such a fast runner to begin with. He was over the ridge before me, and once
I got up there he was gone. If he saw my smoke, he hasn't let on."

"He left you? He had no gear."

I focused on the foot, knowing I would need something tight and sturdy to wrap it in if I had any hope of moving Bill up to my camp. I took the dead man's blue wool
socks from my feet. They were small for Bill, and worked like a compression bandage. I rolled both of them onto the one foot, and there were tears coming down his
face before I was done.

"I'm sorry," I whispered. "But you're lucky. I don't think it's broken all the way through. Just badly fractured. Ira would know."

He stared at me after I said this, but I avoided his gaze. I cast about until I found a dry branch straight enough to make into a crutch. Bill is just over six feet tall, so it
was awkward walking a mile uphill with half his body weight on my shoulder. I could see he was in tremendous pain, but we made the trek without stopping, and it
wasn't until he had collapsed beneath my pine shelter that I paused to let myself wonder if I had pushed him too hard. It didn't matter now, I reasoned. We were as
safe as we could hope to be. I fed him the last of the dead man's aspirin and elevated his foot.

There is nothing else--no food, and nothing to catch food with. I'll worry about that tomorrow. Tonight, it's all I can do to keep the roof intact and the fires burning.
Ira will see the smoke and come to us before Bill is ready to walk again. He will. He has to.

November 6th

The swelling has gone down on Bill's ankle. I killed a bird--a grouse?--by throwing rocks. That seems like a new low. Rock-throwing is part of a deeper tier of human
desperation we should never have had to access.

While sitting immobile, Bill has made a bow. He'll use the bird's feathers for arrow fletching, and maybe for fishing flies. He saved the longest tail feather out for me. To
use as a quill, he said, in case my pen dies.

We need to scout the area before we move again. I could hike to the top of one of the peaks, but I can't justify leaving Bill alone that long. Not that he's helpless, but
the awful truth is we're both down to the last of our endurance. If we get separated, if I wind up alone again, I don't think I'll have it in me to keep going.

It's bothering Bill, not knowing what happened to Ira.

"The whistlers were behind us. He was ahead," he keeps saying. "If they were hunting, they would have caught me. So, they weren't hunting. What did they want?
Why didn't he stop?"

At night, we hear them in nearly every direction, but they keep their distance. They aren't circling closer like they usually do. It's as if they want us to know we're
within their boundaries, trapped within their home turf. If we sleep, we sleep in shifts.

November 10th

No news. The weather is dry, but much colder than last week. Winter is late, and I worry that when the snow finally comes it will fall all at once, burying us and any
points of reference. I built a wind break and improved our shelter. Caught a rabbit. Helped Bill bathe. I keep catching him putting weight on his foot, rushing things. No
sign of Ira, and not much sleep.

November 12th

It snowed overnight, at last. Just as I predicted, it came in a big rush, a great dumping of powder and then a sunny morning. The signal fire on the hill was smothered,
but Bill wouldn't let me go out and re-light it.

"He would have seen it by now," he said, meaning Ira. "Save the dry wood."

He made a second crutch and uses both to humor me, but he says he can't be idle anymore.

"It seems such a risk," I said, "to move on in this weather, with you hurt."

"If we stay here, we will die," he replied.

He's talking about building a sled once the snow is thick enough. I can't listen. I'll take the bow to the top of the hill. Scout our path. Look for game.

November 13th

Nothing much to see from the high ridge yesterday. No snow has fallen yet around the bay, and it occurred to me that we might just follow the coastline south. We
could set a new fire every day on the beach, leave it smoking. Maybe a plane will pass. Maybe Ira will see us from wherever he's hiding. Maybe the whistlers don't
swim.

Bill says we'll leave tomorrow.

"What about Ira?" I said.

He shrugged, looking exhausted. "Don't know which way he went. Don't know where to look. Don't know how he is."

"If we leave, we will never see him again." I started to cry, and Bill walked away to the shelter and curled up like he was going to sleep. He turned his back to me. I
looked out across the saddle and the valley and tried to keep my tears quiet. It was just dusk. No distant fires. No smoke. If he's nearby, he is cold. He is dying, and
I'm helpless.

It's full dark now, and for the first time in weeks the whistlers haven't made a sound.

November 14th

Bill woke me up at dawn. He had hot water and a scrap of rabbit for me. I'm saving the bones and feet in a plastic bag. I don't know if they'll be any good for soup,
but soon they may be all we have. He lifted my pack for me to put on, then put his hands on my shoulders.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I don't know what else to do."

I looked back at him, watched while he got into his own pack and kicked snow and dirt over the fire's embers. I thought of leaving a note for Ira to follow, or some kind
of sign, but the snow is falling again in pellets. Every trace of us will be obliterated soon.

November 18th

The hiking has been easier since we got below the snow line, but the weather is following us. The coast is icing over. We're making good time, and I think we're both
relieved to be off the game trail. Aside from mud and rough gravel the terrain is much easier here along the beaches than it was up in the trees. It's been five nights now

since we heard the whistlers. Maybe they don't like the cold, or maybe we've finally left their natural range. Even the smallest hope is agony.

We had some luck with fishing yesterday--an enormous trout was stuck in a low pond after the tide went out. Probably sick. Probably already dying. We spent the
whole day gorging on it, and cutting strips to smoke.

I found Ira's gold watch in my pack. I gave it to him for our second anniversary. He had a habit of taking it off whenever he worked with his hands, and must have
stashed it in my bag to keep it safe. I asked Bill if he wanted to wear it, but he said no. There's no point looking at the time, I guess. I buried it near the fire, built a cairn
over top, said some words, like a funeral. Bill didn't say anything. I had to. I had to do something in order to keep moving. I don't feel certain Ira is dead, but I can't
fathom what it means if he's out there and we're leaving him behind. The most horrible thought is that he's the reason the whistlers are gone. Maybe he's leading them
on a chase away from us, or maybe they were hunting, and they caught him, and their hunger is satisfied for now.

"Don't think like that," Bill says, but I know Ira is in his thoughts too. Bill is a folklorist, like me, but that's not what drew him here. He wanted to see the whistlers
with his own eyes, like Lillian did. He wanted to document them, their habits. Describe them, as a species, for science.

"Everything that's happened so far fits the stories," I said.

"Don't, Ruth."

But I don't stop, because he knows the stories even better than I do. He knows we're just like all the other characters now. Hunted. Doomed. "They pick groups apart.
They separate people. They take their prey one at a time."

"You don't believe the stories. You never believed them."

I opened my mouth, but the words were delayed. "I believe we'll never see Ira again."

We sleep a little bit apart despite the bitter cold. He's always up before I wake.

Bill says he recognizes this coastline, and there's a pinnacle to the east he calls Phanfone Point.

"I'd say we're eight days north of Red Hill, if we stick to the coast."

I'm not getting my hopes up.

November 28th

Ten days since I wrote. It all blends together. This bit of shoreline looks just the same as what we saw days ago, the water just as flat and gray. If it weren't for Bill and
the compass I would assume we were skirting a large lake, not an inlet of the Pacific Ocean. I would assume we were going in circles. We do have Phanfone Point to
navigate by, and the stars. The weather has cleared. Winter is hesitating again. I worry I'll never see leaves on trees again, or flowers opening up in a field of grass. I
worked all the time. Ira and I didn't take a vacation last summer. I squandered so much.

Some days, Bill and I don't speak a word to each other. We stop walking. He assembles the shelter, I build the fire. He unpacks the food, I hang our damp clothes. We
eat. We sleep. And in the morning we walk.

December 1st

I saw Red Hill first. Our strip of shoreline was getting rocky, so we went up into a stand of cedar and found a steep bear trail. We haven't heard whistlers in weeks, so
we beat pots and shouted every few steps, and something about us using our voices made us giddy. Bill started singing a camp song I'd never heard. Something from
when he was a child, I guessed, full of rhymed bodily functions. He laughed while he sang it, laughed until tears rolled down his face. He had to stop to catch his breath,
and I walked a short ways onward, because it seemed he needed a moment alone. It seemed he was finally realizing what I realized when we left our camp near the
saddle: that we had abandoned Ira to an unknown fate. That he might have died a preventable death because we were too scared and broken to search for him. I walked
toward a break in the trees with Bill hyperventilating at my back, and saw a straight line far away, and a clearing where lighter green grass vibrated amongst dark
evergreen. We were on a bit of a ridge, and could look down into the distant orderliness of a miniscule town, just a lump of weedy brush and granite rising out of
marshy lowlands. Now I was crying. There was a water tower, a long split rail fence. Distantly, some low buildings and power lines were visible against a curtain of
trees.

I called to Bill, who ran up beside me and stopped and stared. He wrapped his arms around me in his relief, squeezing me hard against his chest. I kissed him without
thinking first, and he jerked his head away, exhaling shakily into my hair, but not releasing me from his arms.

"I'm sorry," I said.

"I don't know how to..." he began, but didn't finish. I eased myself out of his embrace and gestured for him to follow me down the hill. It started snowing.

Darkness fell when we were still about a mile outside of Red Hill. The terrain was difficult, thorny and muddy. I struggled with my dimming flashlight, focusing
intently on my feet and the ground ahead, but Bill grabbed my arm as the moon was rising. He stopped me.

"Look," he said.

I looked ahead to Red Hill. I could see the water tower clearly still, an armored dome high above everything. It was silhouetted against the sky. "What?"

"There are no lights."

I blinked, searched, but of course he was right. As night fell, nothing had come to life in Red Hill. There were no porch lamps, no glowing windows, no blinking red
beacon atop the water tower. The place looked abandoned, as still and dark as death.

"We can't stop here in the open," I said.

"Can you make it without your light on?"

My flashlight was nearly dead, and the moon was rising anyway. I switched it off, and we continued, not struggling as urgently as before. I was aware of the sound my
boots made in the soggy ground. Bill's voice dropped to a whisper, was thick with caution.

"We'll knock on the first door we come to," he said. "We'll lead with the fact that our chopper went down."

"What do you think is wrong? What are you afraid of?" I was terrified, but I wasn't sure why.

"I don't know," he said.

The moon was directly overhead by the time we reached the split-rail fence we'd seen from the ridge. Caution and fatigue had made that final stretch of our journey
seem endless. There were sounds in the woods nearby--not whistlers, maybe wolves--but I was more concerned about people. Lillian had warned us about the
residents this far out, in these isolated stretches of forest. The lighthouse keeper had held a rifle to her forehead once when she surprised him after a few weeks away.

We passed through the split rail fence, and walked across a flat expanse of dirt stuck with poles--tetherball poles. It was a schoolyard. There were no children to be
seen, no people, no signs of life. I turned my light back on, and Bill did the same. He had a headlamp, brighter and whiter than my little incandescent torch, and walked
ahead of me through the yard, up toward a chain swing set and a few low buildings that looked like houses. The street between them was hard dirt scattered with rough
quartz gravel that glittered in the light.

He was bold. He walked up the low porch of the first house we leveled with, and rapped sharply on the front door. "Anyone home?" he called. "Our helicopter went
down. We need help!"

All was silent. I looked around while he stared at the door, hoping the noise might draw movement elsewhere in Red Hill. No luck. We went house to house, knocking
and calling at eight buildings on that lonely street. We ended at the lodge, a sort of multi-purpose building that contained rooms for rent, a post office, and a meeting
hall. It was deserted like the rest. My flashlight flickered and died while we stood on the front porch. Bill tested the handle and found the lodge unlocked.

"I can't see how anyone would object," he said, tipping his headlamp beam downward and looking at my face. We were both shivering.

"The pilot said people lived here year-round."

"He must have been mistaken."

Inside, Bill felt along the lodge's wall for a light switch, but there was no power. I found a full kerosene lamp on a bookshelf, and a book of matches in an ashtray on a
table in the lodge's dining area. I lit the lamp and breathed a little easier. Bill walked around the Lodge's rooms with his headlamp, getting his bearings, but I sat at a
table with the lamp, holding my head and trying to feel grateful for the shelter.

He came back, wiping his hands on his pants. "The breaker didn't do anything. There's a generator back in the utility room, looks like it's got a little fuel left, but I'll
wait until morning to try it."

When I didn't respond, he came to sit across from me at the table. "Abandoned or not, we're going to have to winter here."

I nodded.

"We'll get our hands on a radio, as much food and fuel as we can find. We'll hole up and wait it out. Someone will come for us."

I nodded again, but couldn't look at him.

"All you need is rest," he said, softer now.

He led me toward the bedrooms and opened a creaking door for me. The room had a double bed with a pretty cream-colored quilt, a closet with accordion doors, and a
wide window that looked out on blackness.

"Is there a room without a window?"

He looked at my reflection in the dark glass, then looked at the real me. I carried the kerosene lamp, and my unsteady grip cast eerie shadows.

"Course," he said.

He ushered me into the room directly across the hall. It was adjacent to a doorway that led away toward a lounge full of deer trophies and enormous television screens.
It had skylights, and the moon was showing through. The bedroom was nearly identical to the first, except the bedspread was blue patchwork and the window was
replaced with a hanging tapestry of sweet pea blossoms.

I nodded, set my backpack down, and placed the lamp on top of the dresser so it cast light on each of the four walls. I unzipped my jacket, but Bill stayed in the
doorway.

"I could take the room across the way."

"Don't be silly."

He gave me a serious look, but put his pack down beside mine and came to get in bed with me.

"Suppose it's too cold to sleep apart," he said, taking off his boots and settling rigidly under the covers.

"Why is it different from sharing a tent?"

"It just is."

I thought I would fall away into the deepest sleep of my life, but the wind picked up, and the lodge creaked and shuddered around us, and I thought every other sound
was a footstep or a human whimper. At one point I woke Bill up, dead certain I'd heard a baby crying.

He stroked my hair and listened for a full minute, then pressed me against the mattress by my shoulder before lying back down himself. "Back to sleep," he mumbled.

But I didn't sleep. Instead I took the kerosene lamp to the chair in the corner and wrote down this strange day. Bill is motionless in sleep, one arm slung beside him in
the place I left. It is different, just the two of us sharing a domestic space. What will become of us, during months of isolation? What will we look like to whoever finds
us?

I hear it again now: a wailing that is certainly not the wind. The doors are locked, but that's hardly any consolation. If the whistlers are real, what else could be living in
this place? A banshee? Wendigo? Or something even stranger?

Bill sleeps through the sound. He won't believe me in the morning.

                                                                                      Part III



/u/kiastrashero and others have asked: Do I feel any better about sharing Ruth's diary with you? Yes. No. I don't know. I'm grateful that so many of you have found
value in Ruth's story, but sometimes I still feel as if I opened her grave by posting this, as if I disturbed something sacred.

I had a dream about her the night before last. I could barely see her, in the woods, beyond the low branches of trees. I could hear her voice, a lower tone than I expected,
dry, youthful, full of the grit and grim humor we've seen in her writing. I asked her some questions, in the dream. I asked whether she wanted me to post the rest of her
journal, whether there was anyone I should contact, anything I should do to help her spirit rest. As I spoke, she turned her back to me. She shook her head and
disappeared in to the trees.

You'll tell me that this was just an ordinary nightmare. You'll say I should stop obsessing, that I should go outside and breathe some fresh air. Maybe you're right.
Maybe I've spent too much time in the company of the dead. I guess the answer is no, I don't feel better, but I do feel resigned.

Today, we begin on the second of December, on Ruth and Bill's first morning in Red Hill.

.

.

.

December 2nd

I woke up in the chair where I fell asleep writing. The lamp's wick was low, and had burned down far too much of the kerosene before snuffing itself out. There's a
spare can, but it won't last long. I'll have to be more careful. Bill was gone when I awoke. He had covered me with the quilt from the bed.

I found him in the lounge inspecting the mounted moose heads and elk skulls. There were books, field guides and old almanacs, scattered on a coffee table. The wood
stove was blazing, ticking with heat, but Bill wasn't relaxed. He greeted me in a whisper and moved tentatively through the room. I had nearly forgotten about his
injury.

"Let me have another look at your foot," I said. "You should rest in bed for a few days, now that we're safe,"

He shook his head. "We're not safe. Come look."

He led me through the lounge and onto the porch at the front of the lodge. There is no snow or ice on the ground outside, but the road is muddy, the ground soft enough
to hold indentations. From the porch steps, we saw the street and its quartz gravel, the small ruts we made walking from house to house in the dark last night. But now
our steps are not the only marks in the road. There are other prints, too, evidence of pacing steps and sliding gashes where the gravel has been scraped completely
away. It could be the tracks of dozens of pairs of feet, or just a few, going around and around the lodge while we slept. The footprints form an unbroken circle around
us, evidence of the stalking, pacing, night watch of the whistlers. They have retreated now, apparently, but how far?

In the moment, I could scarcely breathe. I staggered back against the lodge's front door, my body crumpling down and heaving.

"In the stories, the whistlers don't leave tracks," I whispered.

Bill shrugged and kept a stoic face. "They look human to me. Like a grown man dragging his feet." His voice was low, tired.

"What's wrong with you?"

He shook his head. "It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter if this is a game the whistlers are playing, or if the people of Red Hill reappeared last night to make these marks,
to mess with us. Doesn't matter if it's aliens or mole people or fucking Lillian and Geoff back from the dead. We can't stay here now." He opened the front door and
nodded me back inside. "We'll gather what we can and keep going south until we find another town. There's a closet with some gear--a good tent, tarps, lanterns, a
stove. You start getting things together, and I'll see if I can find a vehicle that runs."

I stopped in the doorway. I was breathing so hard I could taste blood. "No. We can't split up. We're no safer during the day than we are at night. We can't make that
mistake a second time."

He paused. "Fine. I'll take what we need from the closet. You have a look for food in the kitchen, then we'll pack up and scout out a vehicle together. Agreed?"

I nodded, but was not completely reconciled with Bill's plan. How long can we run before hunger stops us, or the cold, or the harsh unknowns of the landscape? We
saw this region from the air, saw the dead-end logging roads and ghost towns surrounded by miles of wilderness. We both know Red Hill has no outlet. The single road
leads west, to an airstrip and a dock that freezes over every January. The mail comes by boat, and only in the summer. Bill knows there is actually nowhere we can run.
Maybe the whistlers know it too.

.

One task at a time. Food. I walked into the dining area, back beyond a buffet table waiting for chafing dishes, into the kitchen. It is thoroughly modern, with wood
veneer cabinets and a walk-in freezer with a gleaming door. Someone put a lot of care into this kitchen. Perhaps they photographed it for brochures. Bear tours have

become popular among the wealthy and well-armed.

The cupboards are nearly bare, as one would expect them to be at the close of the season. There is a bin with a few cups of stale flour inside, a bottle of rancid oil, a
gallon-sized can of fruit cocktail, a box of crumpled tea bags, a canister of powdered milk, a stuck-together brick of sugar cubes. I opened the refrigerator, but the
stagnant air behind the door poured over me, making me reel and gag before I forced it shut. I glimpsed molding vegetables, rancid meat, obscure plastic wrappings
dotted with black mold. I must have gagged audibly, because soon Bill was at the kitchen door, eyes wild and shining like he'd been sprinting.

"What's wrong?" he said.

"The fridge is full of spoiled food."

He frowned. "That doesn't make sense. They would have cleaned everything out before closing the place up for the season."

"But it wasn't closed up," I said. My voice was shaking. "The front door was unlocked. The tables and chairs are still out. The TV cabinet in the lounge was wide
open. The curtains weren't drawn in the bedrooms."

"Gas in the generator," he said, nodding. "Nothing winterized. Like they left in a hurry."

The back of my throat had gone dry. I walked to the freezer and yanked against the long steel handle, preparing myself for another wave of pungent odor, but deciding
that spoilage in the freezer could be the final piece of evidence that proved the emerging theory: that something had gone very wrong for the residents of Red Hill.

Bill stood at my shoulder, watching with a wary hand over his nose and mouth as the door's hinge creaked. The food on the shelves of the walk-in was actually better
contained than what had been in the fridge. There was spoiled meat wrapped in paper, looking sunken and gory. The ice and ice cream had all melted within confined
containers, as if power outages were routine. Besides a deeply musty, almost rubbery smell, at first I thought the freezer, though abandoned, was benign.

"Ruth," Bill said, behind me, his hand creeping shakily along my shoulder, trying to turn me back toward him. "Don't look, Ruth."

"What?" And now I looked squarely to the back of the freezer, where a pair of rounded shoes was visible behind a pallet stacked with sunken bags of frozen
vegetables. The steel floor beneath the pallet was shiny with dried fluids that had leaked from the bags, maybe days ago, maybe weeks.

"Don't," he repeated, but I kept looking, following the shoes to a scrawny pair of legs, bent knees, the pleated black pants and white coat of the lodge's chef, a middle-
aged woman with wiry white hair and a shriveled, gray face. I took a step toward the dead woman, felt my bare feet sticking in the mess on the freezer's floor. Bill's
grip tightened on my shoulders.

"Look at me," he said. "Look away."

"What happened here?" I breathed.

He pulled me away, out of the kitchen, through the lounge, all the way back to the bedroom, where he gently shut the door and put me to bed, wrapping me tightly
with the quilt.

Just as sleeping beside Bill is different out of the wilderness, so death is freshly strange within the confines of the lodge. The dead chef makes less sense to me than
Gary Law or the lighthouse keeper. She died indoors, in a place where the beds were still made, where the refrigerator was filled with food. She should have been safe.

"Why would they leave her here?" I said.

He knelt at my feet with a bottle of water and a washcloth, scrubbing the freezer's sickness off of them. I had left my shoes at the front door. Ages ago, it seemed.

When he spoke, his voice shook. "What exactly did you hear last night? You woke me. You heard something."

"A baby. It sounded like a crying baby."

"The lighthouse keeper... he said he sometimes heard the whistlers laughing, laughing like his parents in the reception hall after church on a Sunday. They'll get inside
your head. They'll lure you in. You can't let them, Ruth."

I was dazed, and couldn't speak, so Bill kept talking.

"I imagine they were already here, in Red Hill, before we arrived. Spooked the residents. The power must have failed already, before she went in there. There was a
parka on the hook outside. She didn't take it. Must have been a panic. She went in there to keep herself safe. Maybe people started leaving and she couldn't get out. It
was all an accident," he said, rubbing my leg reassuringly. "They didn't realize she was trapped."

"There's a bell," I said. "An emergency alarm. Her fingers, Bill. Her fingernails." They were scraped bloody on the door handle. Torn up.

"So maybe there was no one left to hear the bell. Maybe everyone else..."

But I sat upright on the bed. I couldn't calm down. "That night, when it hailed. You would have done anything to make Ira quiet down. They got inside Ira's head,
didn't they? Maybe they got inside hers too."

"You think her own people locked her in there?"

I tried to speak reasonably, tried for academic composure.

"There's a story, isn't there? One of the old ones. A story about the people the whistlers don't kill? There's one in almost every group. Every story. Someone...
susceptible. Who succumbs to a kind of madness. Tearing at their own flesh, losing their minds, killing their companions. Lillian thought it was a kind of Stockholm
syndrome."

Bill nodded. He told me the story of the family who lived in the outpost north of the lighthouse. It was years and years ago. Mother, father, three children. The father
sent a dispatch one day to say he had killed his wife and his kids. Strangled them. He had received a warning, he said, so he killed them all. When the rangers arrived,
the residence was empty. There was no sign of any of them, no sign of struggle. As if they had vanished over the rocks and into the sea.

.

Bill told me to lie down for the rest of the afternoon, but I couldn't.

"I'm ready to go," I said, and we wasted no time. We packed our bags in a mournful silence. I was greedy, and overstuffed my pack, taking the quilt from the bed, spare
batteries, candles, matches, mouthwash from the bathroom, and the remaining kerosene.

Bill found a handgun in a locked drawer, plus ammunition. He had braved the freezer a second time, discovered the drawer's keys in a pocket of the chef's coat.

"She wrote something," he said, when he returned.

There was a clipboard mounted on the inside of the freezer, an inventory log and a pen. The chef had scrawled a desperate message on the blank backside of a page:

"I understand it now, after all these years, all these long winters of hearing those damned things howling out there in the woods. The whistlers stand with their backs to
us. They stand between us and something terrible. They've been protecting us, all these years, keeping it at bay, whatever it is. They were warning us, all this time. And
now it's too late. Too late by far. It's come to Red Hill at last."

I've copied it verbatim. I can't stop thinking about it.

"You were right," Bill said, shaking his head once he was finished reading. He crumpled the page and left it on a table. "Stockholm syndrome."

I was wrapping the end of a fireplace poker with duct tape, but slowed and looked at Bill now, considering the chef's words.

"They caught Ira in a trap."

"Yes," he said.

"They didn't kill him. Didn't hurt him. He was well enough to find his way back to us."

"He escaped them."

"But..."

"I don't want to hear it, Ruth."

I nodded, and practiced swinging the poker against fire logs.

Even now, all we have to go on are other people's words. We came all this way to conduct our own research, and the only thing we've learned is fear. We hear the
whistlers, but have not seen them. We fear the unseen, but what if that's a failure of imagination? Perhaps there's something else to be afraid of, some reason the stories
are so few and scattered, some reason there are so rarely any survivors, some reason Bill and I have made it this far. Some unknown.

.

We wrote a note that we left on a side table near the front door. Our names and the date, contact numbers for our families back home, an apology that we didn't do more
for the woman in the freezer. We couldn't spare the time and energy it would take to bury her.

I put the kitchen parka on over my jacket and pants. Bill layered his clothes under Gary Law's. We took gentle steps away from the lodge, across the barrier line of
whistler tracks, listening hard. In the light of day, it was clearer that Red Hill had been evacuated in a rush. There were split logs stockpiled beside every structure,
potted plants drying out on porches, a garage door left open, its contents in disarray.

"Not many vehicles," Bill said, as we walked to the far side of Red Hill, out toward the skinny dirt road that led out of town.

"So this road must lead somewhere," I said, hopefully. "They got in their cars and took this road out of town."

Bill didn't seemed encouraged. "To a dock, to an airstrip, maybe. I'm sure a town this size has emergency evac procedures. We could follow this road and end up at a
dead end. Still, it's better than not knowing. It's better than planting our feet here and waiting to starve. Or worse." He tugged on his coat and squinted against the
bright white sky.

We looked into the houses along the main street. Most front doors were left unlocked--one had keys stuck in the knob, dangling. We found a loaded revolver stashed
under a mattress and a dog trapped inside a bare kitchen pantry. It was a mutt, shaggy, pissed off. We opened the door and it shot away into the woods, didn't look

back.

Even that brief scouting wore me out. Bill kept looking over his shoulder, tightening his grip on the gun and staring around at every sound. My shoulders were aching
under the pull of my pack's straps.

At last we found two worthy vehicles, each with slightly less than half a tank of gas, one a smallish van and the other a Jeep with studded tires and the keys sitting on
the dash. Bill leaned his hands on the Jeep as if it meant we were saved, but I stood apart, unable to shake a sick feeling and the conundrum of the chef's final words.

"What if we don't leave?" I said.

"What?"

"You said yourself there's nothing certain at the end of that road. We could drive to the coast and get stranded. We could end up on foot again. In the woods. Exposed."

"We're exposed here. Did you not see those tracks?"

"I did. They surrounded us last night. They were everywhere. And yet here we are, standing in the street. Alive. For months the whistlers have been on top of us, but
we're still breathing!"

"Tell that to Lillian and Geoff. Tell it to Ira!" He was yelling now, panting. Our faces were red, close.

I was blinking away tears, but I wasn't upset, just overwhelmed.

"One more night indoors," I bargained. "Let me wash, and be warm, just one more time. I'm so tired, Bill. So tired."

He didn't agree, not explicitly, but while we stood with the Jeep it started snowing, just the lightest veil falling between us. We returned to the lodge. He moved around
with a sort of quiet, powerless violence, locking and barricading the doors, drawing curtains, checking and re-checking the guns. He parked the Jeep in front of the lodge
and loaded the back seat with gear and tools, as if to remind me that our present comfort was necessarily temporary.

We dragged the bed into the lounge, close to the stove. We moved the lounge's couches and tables toward the windows, then made the bed, almost reflexively, shaking
the quilt out between us and draping it over the neatened sheets. Night was falling by then.

"We're getting out of here at first light," Bill informed me.

"I'm going to boil a kettle and take a bath," I said.

He softened, just a little. "I saw towels in the closet."

.

The water pressure is low, but the faucets still work, drawing from the water tower, I assume. I only needed a few inches of cold water anyway. I didn't want to dilute
the heat. I was eager to be cleansed of the dead chef, and Gary Law, and even Ira. Eager to get the smell of the forest off of my skin and start forgetting the things we'd
done to stay alive.

I took my hair down while the water dribbled into the tub. It had grown long, and had coalesced into oily tendrils since the last time I washed it. There were split ends
and strands of gray. Ira always liked it long. I thought about cutting it off with my pocket knife, thought of how light and unencumbered I would feel once the oily heft
of it was gone. I think about getting clean the way I think about eating and drinking. It's a need I can't imagine anyone taking for granted--that feels like it may never be
completely satisfied.

I hadn't added the hot water yet when I was interrupted by the sound of Bill barreling through the hallway. He opened the bathroom door, saw me halfway undressed
and with my hair down, and closed it abruptly. He spoke through the door in a rush. "It's them."

.

We're away from the windows, in the front hallway, listening to them, the howl, high-pitched, nasaly, throaty? It's so hard to define. The terror is not just something I
remember and have learned to feel, but innate. I experience the fear of the sound on some deep, unconscious level. It is a warning, clicked into the deepest part of my
mammalian brain. Danger.

Bill held my fire poker and both guns, gave me my choice. I took the revolver, only four bullets left in the cylinder. He took the handgun and its full clip. He rested the
poker and the hatchet against the wall and stood behind me near the doorway, pressing his body against my back, his mouth to my ear.

"At least four of them," he murmured, "close enough I could hear footsteps."

The sound came from every direction.

The whistles were like car horn blasts, so loud the tendons in our necks tensed. The porch steps creaked, but our angle was awkward. I could barely see the front
windows from where we cowered, and the low light from the stove and the electric lanterns barely reached the door.

"We could go out through the kitchen exit," he whispered between hard breaths. "To the furthest cabin. No lights. Run for it."

It was a fine plan. The whistlers might be attracted to the light and heat of the stove and the lanterns, might not notice us slipping away. Yet, at that moment, I didn't
have it in me to flee again. If they drove us from the lodge, who was to say they wouldn't drive us from a cabin, and back into the woods? We couldn't survive being
out there again, not in the looming snow, not just the two of us. I thought of the washline and tents we abandoned the day we lost Ira, and how our flight across the
valley had cost us.

"No," I said. "Not again."

I charged away from Bill, straight toward the front door, where the whistlers murmured. I threw open the door despite Bill's warning cry, and saw only one figure
beyond it: a dark, lanky shape on the bottom step, swaying listlessly, skeletal shoulders hunched beneath a head of shaggy hair. I was blinded by fear, and I raised the
gun as I stepped out onto the porch. I fired. I saw his face in the flash, a swollen lower lip, empty eyes, hair clinging wetly to a fevered forehead. He fell like the wind
had blown him down, instantly dead, and a moment later I was with him, laying my body on top of his, crying against his face and asking for forgiveness.

I couldn't hear anything, but Bill told me later that there were no whistles, no sign of them, just Ira, just his blood and footprints on the walkway and the steps. Bill
carried us inside, first me, then his brother. He lay Ira on the floor and I lay down with him, pressing my face to his stone-quiet chest while its warmth ebbed away,
asking him weeks' worth of questions whose answers we can never know now.

December 5

Bill left me there, with Ira, that night. He shut the doors of the lounge and slept in the bed alone. I have kept Ira's body for three days, trying to comprehend it. His
right arm is missing, torn away, the wound crudely cauterized somehow, but deeply infected. He was barefoot, feet frostbitten, his eyes riddled with broken vessels,
hair missing in patches, the nails of his left hand grown and worn like claws.

"He wouldn't have survived the night," Bill keeps saying. "Don't blame yourself."

I shaved Ira's face, but it didn't help. Didn't make him look any more human. I could hardly see him anyway, through the tears.

"The moment you opened the door, it stopped," Bill said.

"I'm so sorry," I said.

"Are you listening? The whistling. It stopped all at once. I didn't see any of them out there. I didn't see anything but you and him."

"I saw his face," I said. "It's all I saw."

The prints circled the cabin, and Ira walked among them. We know that much. Since that night, we haven't heard the whistlers. Not once.

December 7th

Bill dug Ira's grave today. It snowed hard the night before, and the topmost crust of soil was frozen, and digging was punishing work. It took hours. I thought we were
desensitized to death, but I found him sitting on the edge of the hole when it was done, his legs dangling down, sobbing into his hand. I didn't know what to do, so I sat
beside him. Ira was inside the lodge still, rolled in a pale yellow sheet, wrapped up so we couldn't see his face. We sat there together for a long time, both of us
pretending we were safe and he was alive and the hole was anything other than a grave. I felt the cold in my joints like shards of glass.

"Why don't we lie down with him?" Bill said, meaning down in the hole.

I stroked the back of his head. I couldn't think of a good answer. It seemed to me we'd been offered plenty of chances to die and declined them until now. I looked into
the dark of the hole, whose bottom was settling with tiny snowflakes that didn't last. The snow would fill the grave over us, eventually, preserve our bodies from the
whistlers until the residents of Red Hill came back at start of the dry season. I've heard freezing is a gentle death, like falling asleep.

Bill left my side, carried Ira's body to the grave, hefted him down and then came up again, standing and pulling me up beside him, taking me away.

"I'm sorry," he said, though I still hadn't spoken a word. "Don't listen to me."

                                                                                    Part IV



I don't have it in me to do any editorializing this time, to wind things up. Thank you all for reading along with me these past days, for helping me come to terms with
what I found.

This conclusion begins on the ninth of December, two days after Ira was buried:

.

.

.

December 9

We had a baby, Ira and I, five years ago today. She was born with a heart defect and didn't live long, didn't ever leave the hospital. I have scars. Her name was
Katherine. Ira left town before the funeral, went to a medical conference two states away. But Bill was there. He got drunk and cornered me in his mother's living room.

"She should have been mine," he said, so close I could smell the whiskey.

It's why Bill doesn't believe me when I say I hear an infant's cries on the wind. He knows it's Katherine's birthday. He thinks about her too.

I hear her wailing in the early evening, often just before the whistlers start to howl. An overture, a prelude.

We're out of food. Each night, we build a fire in the stove and sit before it with shaking hands, with cups of tea. There is snow on the ground, snow to reveal that the
whistlers haven't circled close since Ira died. There are no tracks but our own.

I've started asking myself the question, in practical terms. If I have some choice in the matter, how would I like to die? Would I chose to go as Katherine did, swaddled
and sedated, in my mother's arms? There was a time when I thought I wanted to die fighting, my knife in my hand, knuckles red from the cold. I'm not sure anymore.
I'm not sure I have the patience for that.

Everything is different since we buried Ira. The difference is between us, yes, and in the atmosphere of Red Hill. Bill doesn't bustle around the way he used to, doesn't
sit vigil at the windows and watch the distant trees. There is something, we've discovered, beyond fear. A separate emotion, a detachment. All that matters is the heat
of the fire, the weight of blankets. We hardly speak anymore.

December 13

Bill leaves the lodge every afternoon now to look for food. He says he wants to go alone, and I don't argue. He's made a few good finds: popcorn, instant coffee,
noodles, dried parsley, half a bottle of bad gin. Each day he circles a little further out, stays away a little later. Last night he didn't come back until an hour after dark,
until I'd already heard the mournful chorus of two whistlers, far away, in the woods. I thought of walking out to them, in my desolation. I want to see their faces. Want
to know my tormentors.

When I try to envision them now, all I see is Ira, Ira at the end, his gaunt face and yellowed eyes. Do they suffer, as he suffered? Would I recognize their faces?

When Bill came back, he pressed a pack of chewing gum into my palm and went straight to bed. He was limping on his bad foot. He had walked too far.

"Why were you out so long?" I asked.

But he rolled over against his pillow. Pretended not to hear.

December 15

There are about six inches of snow on the ground. I spent the day stacking firewood on the porch. Bill stayed close, at my insistence, wandered through town like a
tiger in a small cage.

There is nothing left to eat in Red Hill, and no game nearby, nothing but coyotes and wolves.

In the early evening, he walked across the road with a gas can, siphoned fuel from the van, which is parked outside a gray house just up the street. I watched him from
the porch. He looked up from his work to look back at me, to meet my gaze through the falling snow.

We might go to the coast after all. For all we know, there's a radio out there, a phone, some other means of contact we've overlooked. Maybe the coast guard will send
a patrol. Maybe someone has been looking for us all this time.

Bill stopped staring. His head turned suddenly, toward the woods behind the houses, like he'd heard something--a snapping of twigs.

"What is it?" I called, but he didn't answer. He walked a few steps toward the woods, craned his head, but then a streak of brown and black emerged through the trees,
went straight for him.

There was a deep growl, a scuffle of motion, and Bill's strangled cry. A dog. The dog we'd released from a pantry days before. I sprang from the porch with a stick of
firewood in my hands, but was too late: Bill had slipped in the ice, fallen hard against the edge of the van's bumper. The dog tore into his leg, but released it as Bill fell,
lunged for his face. I swung the splintered edge of the firewood squarely at the poor beast's skull. He was like us, starving, a skittish mutt made savage by the cold.

Bill was dazed, scraping for purchase in the snow behind me, trying, in vain, to stand. The dog cowered away from me, and it seemed cruel to swing a second time. So I
screamed instead, at the top of my lungs, shouted at the dog to run. And he did. He turned, he lowered his body and went slowly toward the woods close by, cowering
deeper, like he didn't want to go back into the trees. But I was full of adrenaline now, and yelled a second time, so loud that my voice echoed off the houses--and
something answered me.

It was a strange roar, a rumble like a rock slide mixed with an animal scream, like a panther. It came from the woods where I had driven the dog, and now I heard the
mutt whimpering, the screaming and the whimpering and Bill's muddled murmuring behind me, and I found myself backing toward him, through the snow, almost
senselessly, until a new sound erupted and overcame the others: the whistlers.

Their voices rose, familiar now, surrounded us until I couldn't hear the shrieking roar, the whimpering dog, couldn't hear Bill's exhausted breathing or my own beating
heart.

I turned, suddenly focused, and grabbed his hand. He had been holding his pistol, aiming it unsteadily toward the woods. I took it now, and heaved him upright.

He was woozy, bleeding freely into the snow. Gary Law's khaki pant leg was soaked red. There was blood on his head, too, a scrape from a bolt on the van's bumper,
not deep. His eyes were half-closed.

"Stay awake," I said, grabbing Bill's chin more roughly than I meant to, yanking him toward the lodge. The whistler's cries were harrowing, but helpful now. They
seemed to propel us onward, made us focus on the fear, the imperative of flight.

The dog had bitten Bill's bad leg, the one already weakened by his twisted ankle. He could walk, but he was shaking. I helped him across the street, helped him up the
porch and into the lodge's dining area. He collapsed into a chair, leaned his body against a table. He was grimacing horribly, and we were losing daylight fast. I cut away
his pant leg with my knife.

"You're going to need stitches," I said. The dog bite was an arc of puncture wounds, with a deep gash torn near his shin. The wound on his head was bloody, but not
horribly deep, not as bad as it looked--a scrape only, a shock. And now the blood was seeping slower. I set an electric lantern on the table, but it still wasn't enough
light.

"Headlamp's in the lounge," he said. When I went for it, I remembered the bottle of cheap gin.

"Find it?" Bill called to me. There was pain in his voice. I made myself hurry.

There was alcohol hand sanitizer in my pack and a spool of surgical silk and steel needles. Ira had put the first aid kit together with his own skill set in mind. I poured
water on the wounds, washed the blood away and watched more take its place.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"I don't know what I'm doing." I wiped sanitizer on a needle and then doused the gash on his leg with it. He reeled where he sat as the alcohol burned.

"I'm sorry."

He shook his head. "You're doing fine."

I handed him the gin bottle before I started stitching. It was half-full, and Bill took grateful swigs before nodding at me to get on with it. The skin was harder to pierce
than I expected, but Bill seemed able to center himself amid the pain. He closed his eyes and only grunted a little each time I pulled the thread through. He kept saying
it was okay, that I was doing fine. Finally, I tied off the thread and taped a square of gauze over my work.

I sat at the table afterward, sweating inexplicably, exhausted, feeling there was more I should do, replaying the noises in my head, the sequence of events, the whistlers
and the thing that had answered my shouts. Bill walking toward the woods, the sound, the dog. What came first? It was jumbled already, the memory. I've recorded it
here the way that makes the most sense. The moon was rising, and we leaned into each other, both of us looking away at the deepening shadows, looking through the
windows for signs of life, finding the night remarkably, horribly, quiet.

He drank from the gin bottle again, then handed it to me. It was harsh and cheap, but I took more than one burning gulp.

"Suppose the dog was running from it?" Bill asked.

I shrugged, but something dreadful was welling up inside of me. I stood up, and turned in a useless circle, and felt hot tears falling, felt the desperation and spoiled
hopes of the past weeks rolling over me. I was collapsing, and leaned toward the table to steady myself, but Bill caught me before I could. He stood and held me against
his chest, one easy movement, one hand against the back of my head. He was breathing in the same uncontrolled gasps that had overtaken him on the trail before we
saw Red Hill, when he was balancing between despair and a kind of jovial release. He pulled my hair down, smoothing it between his hands so my head tipped back, so
I had no choice but to look up at him. My vision cleared, tears stopped, and then we were breathing together, our eyes locked and bodies reacting like two leaves tugged
down by the same current, deciding what came next. He shook while he lifted my shirt over my head.

"Bill--"

He kissed me then so I couldn't speak, and he was right to. There was nothing whatsoever to say.

I followed him to the lounge, to the bed. He sat back and pulled me on top of him, wincing as he leaned against the cushions, but still holding me with a tense grip, still
saying yes. It didn't seem the stove was pumping out much heat, but I took everything off, wanting him to see me and the body so much walking and hunger and fear
had made, wanting to feel tangible and whole on this night when our existence was impossible to take for granted. He kissed my neck while he made love to me, and
whispered that we would make it, make it through the winter, make it to the coast, make it home.

I have to believe him.

December 17th

Bill was pale the next morning, weak, but he wouldn't stay in bed when I asked him to. He hobbled around the lodge, gathering more gear, hauling it out to the Jeep,
dragging the gas can up from where we had abandoned it in the road. I made him some broth, but he wouldn't eat, and in the afternoon he walked away toward the
woods, toward the place where the dog ran and the roar sounded. He walked toward the trees and stopped and stared, and when I hollered from the porch, he didn't
look back at me. I tried to follow, to fetch him, but it seemed, even limping, he took two steps onward for every one of mine. He went on until he was in the trees, out
of sight, and as much as I wanted to, I couldn't make myself follow. I stood in the frozen road and shouted for him, but I didn't have it in me to enter the woods.

I lay in bed through the night with open eyes, hearing the whistlers, soft, far away. Like a lullaby. I heard Katherine on the wind. The tears come much easier when I'm
alone.

I found him this morning, sitting on the porch steps, facing out, with ice in his beard. I touched his neck and he held my arm. He seemed alert. He looked into my eyes.

"What happened to you?" I was nearly crying, but he didn't respond. He just rubbed my arm and let me lead him inside, watched me through saddened eyes.

Later, once he was warm, he said he had gone to the woods to listen to the whistlers. He said he could understand them now.

"Don't say that, Bill." I cried into his shoulder, pressed my fingers to his lips, but he was calm.

"It's okay, Ruth. We'll go to the coast tomorrow. You'll be safe."

"We'll be safe," I said.

He nodded, and held me tighter.

December 18th

It was sad, pulling out of Red Hill, watching it shrink behind us until it was closed off by a ridge of granite and a curtain of trees. It felt momentous, almost like this
was the beginning of our journey again, like we were grad students, me with my love of reading and him with his lust for the outdoors. I had married his brother, and he
always wanted to get closer, and one late night in the office, grading papers, we had a crazy idea. I wrote the grant application, he planned logistics. Ira took a
sabbatical, volunteered. I met Lillian at a conference. All we saw was how our interests aligned. We went out for drinks, the whole group, all together. Talked about how
much fun it would be.

We were barely in the Jeep forty minutes before we ran out of road. Our path terminated in a wide lot of pale brown gravel. There was no airstrip, just a rutted lot with
puddles that had turned to slush, a floating dock slick with ice, and a boathouse with two broken canoes inside and a rusted hole in its roof.

I was driving, because Bill was ill, leaning against the window. His leg hurts him. It's badly bruised, and the scrape on his head isn't healing. He stared straight ahead,
once we were parked, stared through the windshield with tears forming in his eyes. I don't know what he was expecting. It was hard to see that we were at the edge of
the earth now, out of options.

"You know," Bill said, sniffling and wiping his nose. "In the olden days, people would... they would walk into the sea. To kill themselves. There's something poetic
about it."

"Not in real life, I don't suppose. I've never seen anything poetic in a dead body."

He reached for my hand across the gear shift. "I'm not going back to Red Hill, Ruth. I can't. Not now. I can't look at Ira's grave again. I can't walk through the kitchen
and pretend there isn't a corpse in the freezer. I can't."

"What else is there?"

He shook his head. "There's the rub."

I pulled my hand away and got out of the Jeep. It was impossible, holding my thoughts together. I wanted to stop struggling, but not to die. Wanted Bill to stop feeling
pain, but not to be alone. Wanted to end both our suffering. Wished I had said "yes," days ago, when Bill laid Ira in his grave, when he asked if we should lie down too.

It was windy at the coast, so cold my cheeks burned. I walked down toward the dock, but couldn't go far without risking my footing on the ice. Bill was watching me
from inside the Jeep, waiting, I suppose, to hear me say I was ready to give up too. But I wasn't ready. I closed my eyes, felt the embrace of the wind, and deep within
the hush of it I heard the cry again, my little Katherine's cry, and a voice, a man's voice, Ira's, singing to her.

Bill got out of the Jeep and looked toward the sound.

"Whistlers," he said.

"Is that what you hear?"

I walked toward it.

"Where are you going?" Bill called.

I waved that I was okay, and walked around the useless boathouse, up a low hill of sliding gravel. At the top, the wind was stronger, swirling with tiny snowflakes, and
I could see more gray water up the coast, could see distant glimpses of shoreline segmented by trees, and low surf, and a bobbing shape, white and blue, lodged against
a spit of dark sand.

I rushed back down the hill toward the Jeep, sliding in the gravel, panting hard.

"What is it?" Bill asked.

"There's a boat," I gasped. "Get your pack."

.

It was impossible to take the Jeep directly up the beach. There was too much loose gravel, too many jutting black rocks in our path. We had to wind in and out of
patches of forest, had to boost each other over boulders, had to trudge through coarse sand. I was relentless, forcing myself onward, climbing every dune to confirm the
boat was still in sight, still a small blue and white Ketch with bare masts and an enclosed cabin. The sound led me onward all the while, the sound of Ira and Katherine,
the sound Bill kept pausing to warn me of, the sound he said was whistlers, luring us into a trap.

"It looks abandoned," Bill said, once we were near. He was clutching his leg, holding the place where I was sure his bite wound had opened. I never offered to stop, to
slow down, to do anything but press onward. I felt certain about the boat, that it was waiting for us, destined for us, our salvation. We slid down a final scree slope and
reached the gray-pebbled beach where the boat was moored. Or, not moored, exactly, but stuck. It was surrounded with driftwood and other debris.

Bill looked exhausted, unimpressed.

"It's a death trap, Ruth," he said.

"The tide is coming in. Come on, help me get inside. The tide will take us out, and the coast guard will find us."

"The coast guard will not find us. This area will be iced over in a month. It's suicidal. Do you know anything about sailing?"

"My dad owned a Ketch. We didn't go out much. I wish..."

But as I spoke Bill turned away from the boat and stared into the trees. He was flexing his hands, trembling.

"Do you hear that?"

I did hear it. Snapping twigs, the moaning bend of a branch. Then, the whistling, deep in the trees, coming closer. Bill was breathing hard, backing toward the boat,
keeping me behind him. As the whistling rose in front of us, so the wailing rose behind, the crying, the singing, summoning me backward, summoning me into the boat.
The tide was already rising, the boat bobbing in water that was almost deep enough to whisk it away.

"I hear Ira," I said.

"What?" Bill gave me a bewildered, almost angry look.

"I hear him singing. I hear Katherine."

He looked sad for me, and reached for me, but I backed away, into the water. It rose over my shoes and soaked my socks, icy cold.

"Don't, Ruth," he said.

"I'm getting on the boat, Bill." There was a ladder down one side of the hull. I could wade to it and pull myself inside. I didn't need his help. "You said you wouldn't
go back to Red Hill. This is what's left. This is the other choice."

The whistling in the trees grew louder, and every second the beach felt smaller, more like a trap.

His face changed, and the wind rustled his hair. "Yes," he said, strangely. "Yes, you're right. Get on the boat, Ruth."

I turned and waded toward the ladder, telling myself he would follow, telling myself all would be well. "Why can't you hear it, Bill?" I said, as I reached the ladder, as I
pulled myself up onto the weathered deck. "Why can't you hear Ira singing?"

But when I turned around, Bill was halfway up the beach, looking small, facing away from me, his skin white and his arms rigid.

"Bill?" I called. The boat was creaking in the deepening tide, and the wind was rushing across the sand. The boat jolted beneath me. Something dark appeared beyond
the tree trunks, something I could barely see. It was moving, a shadow independent of the shifting needles and swaying branches. A shape, a being, taller than a man

and deliberate in its movements. I raised my revolver in shaking hands, I fired, more than once, but there was no reaction. The sound was lost among all the others, the
screaming and gnashing, the howl of the whistlers. Bill was close to the woods now, he had to see it, but he was paralyzed, as straight and immovable as the trees. I
screamed for him, wishing he would look at me, but he didn't move, and beneath me the boat shifted again. I fell, hit my head on the icy rail, and once I had scrambled
upright again Bill had fallen.

He was collapsed on the sand, and the creature was looming closer to him, coming through the trees, crouching down.

The whistling hushed, suddenly, almost completely. Even the wind seemed to ease.

It takes its prey one at a time.

I couldn't hear Katherine anymore, or Ira, but I could hear the whistlers, the softest warning tone, intelligible now, almost like words, telling me to close my eyes.

There is always one survivor, always someone spared. The wind pushed the Ketch away from the shore, and the darkness closed over Bill.

I don't remember anything else.

December 22nd

My name is Ruth Gattiger. Please bring my body back to Oregon, if you can. My driver's license is in my wallet. This account of events is for the families of the
deceased--for the helicopter pilot and Lillian and Geoff, for Bill and Ira's mother and the chef we found in Red Hill. I don't want it published. I don't want to be one
more link in the chain of juvenile curiosity, another mystery in the big book of stories that sends people like us to places like this. To die.

We had so many opportunities, over the years, to drop the question. To live with the unknown. We called ourselves folklorists, but we imagined we were adventurers,
righteous explorers, exposing a mystery. We imagined we had the right.

I never thought the whistlers were real, before coming here. I thought they were a dark side of the human psyche, just one of many predictable byproducts of human
life in cold, isolated, untenable conditions. I wanted to sit around a fire with shifty-eyed fur trappers and remote homesteaders and listen to their spooky stories, like a
tourist. We didn't satisfy our curiosity, coming here, didn't pick apart the tangled lore. We only satisfied the hunger of the thing that stalks this place. It's been here a
long time, the chef thought, at war with the whistlers. How long have they kept it at bay? It doesn't even have a name. At this late hour, I find I can't put a description
into words. And I don't want to, because I realize now there are some things we don't deserve to know. There are stories we shouldn't tell. Unknowns that should
remain unknown.

I should have done this in the Jeep with Bill. It would have been better, but not necessarily easier. To die in the back seat, in his arms, warm, staring out at the ocean.

The boat ran aground on a sandbar, not far from where I lost Bill. I've been wandering down the coast. I made it back to the Jeep.

There are no whistles to follow me now, nothing watching from beyond the trees. The snow is deep, and the land has gone quiet. For how long? I don't know. I don't
know if I was spared, or if the evil that lives here is merely biding its time again.

If you've found this--the backpack--thank you, whoever you are. I'm out of gas, out of food, and at night, no matter where I look, there are no lights in any direction.
It's cold. I'll close my eyes for a little while. There is still one round in the revolver. I haven't made up my mind.

                                                                                     Part V



The person who brought Bill's journal to my attention has asked not to be identified. He insisted on giving me transcripts, not originals, so in this case what I'm
showing you is exactly what I received. As before, neither I nor my source makes any claims about the veracity of these documents.

I'm sure many of you will want to know more about the documents themselves, but unfortunately my source was not forthcoming. When I asked him how he acquired
Bill's account (I did so many times) his only response was: "I didn't."

I wish I had more insight to offer you. I'm afraid these new passages raise at least as many questions as they answer.

The account will be presented in two parts due to length.

.

12/7

I've got calluses on my hands from burying my brother. If we're rescued today, I'll have to explain that to someone. Some search-and-rescue trooper, some forest
ranger, will hold my palm to the light of a chopper window and want to know how I managed to rub the heel of my hand raw.

I practice, sometimes. I practice what I'll say to people when we get back home. Dr. Harmon, the department head, will need to know how I got Geoff and Lillian
killed doing what was supposed to be straightforward field research. They were both his students, hand-picked for great things, led astray by the man who wrote his
dissertation on the Russian Yeti, who taught a cryptozoology class disguised as a folklore survey. I got bumped off the tenure track for that. Harmon talked over me in
meetings. Like I wasn't there.

Ruth was on the floor with Ira for days after he died. Wouldn't speak. She was holding his dead fingers and fussing to wash all the blood away, crying soundlessly with
her mouth open, more like a wheeze. I had to do something, so I picked up her journal. Flipped through, all the way back to that night in the dark, the full moon rising
and Ira down in a hole.

She isn't documenting the whistlers anymore. I'll see her in the corner by the stove sometimes with her notebook open and the pen just hovering over a page, not
actually making words. She's thin as a scarecrow now and her lips are cracking. I wonder about the things that she doesn't write down. There are entire days she didn't
see fit to make note of. Then there are other things, little details, that I don't remember at all. Things I don't remember saying. This is the whole problem with the work
we do. Incompleteness. Hearsay.

Two tonight, to the north, for about an hour after sunset. They separated, seemed to be approaching the lodge from either end of town, then abruptly moved further
away. Nothing concrete but the tracks outside and the marks on Ira. They don't seem willing to bother us inside, but we know that's temporary. They took Sam, the
helicopter pilot, right out of the lighthouse kitchen. Something broke the window above the sink. It was pitch black and he yowled like a cat. Ira had the rifle ready. It
was dark and rainy and he aimed for the pilot, for the back of the head.

Still no reception. You listen to static long enough and it starts to sound like something, so we keep the lounge radio off. Food running low.

12/8

Mom will be at the airport when we're rescued. She'll ask about Ira before she asks about me. I'll have that hanging over me for the rest of my life--that the wrong
brother made it out of the wilderness. Cain and Abel, but he was the marked one. I can already see the disappointment in her eyes, hear the weepy sighing.

I am sorry he's dead. Not as sorry as I should be. He didn't scream the way Geoff did, didn't scratch and bite like Lillian. He just stared up at me through the blue
darkness, stared as if to concede that the order of things didn't matter, that it could be either of us in the hole and the outcome would stay the same. The day we're
rescued I'll have to find some way to keep the truth under wraps. Those eyes.

Ruth isn't on her feet yet. When I got back from scavenging today, she was at the freezer door again, crying. There's a woman in there, a chef, dead. She's all the
evidence we have about what happened at Red Hill. Not enough. We should dig a second grave, but the ground is even harder now.

Our bodies are broken. Little wounds, cuts and scrapes, twisted joints and tight muscles. Nothing gets a chance to heal. It's just pain on top of pain, and hunger
beneath it all.

I went back through the houses today, looking for anything we can use. Pointless to write an inventory down. Nobody had supplies to overwinter in Red Hill. Seems
even the chef was planning to head south once the weather came in.

Three, maybe four whistlers around tonight. Very distant, north of us. We've got every lantern gathered in the lounge, all of them hanging from the antler chandelier
along with tendrils of dust. It's bright enough to read by, almost enough to feel truly safe. They'll pick their night soon, I imagine. Only heard them briefly, but clear as
a bell, so it was disturbing when I commented on it and Ruth said she didn't hear them.

Lillian's research centered on self-delusion. No two descriptions of the whistlers are exactly alike. There are similarities between accounts, sure, but she thought every
victim was complicit, somehow. That you go so long fearing something you can't see, and eventually you decide what it looks like. You decide what you believe. And
then you see what you want to see.

Ruth woke me up later to say she heard the baby. She kept saying my name and begging me to listen, her nails digging into my arm, her face not an inch away from
mine. Katherine's birthday is tomorrow. I didn't say anything. I was afraid of making her cry. Instead I held her like she was mine, my lips to her forehead. She went
back to sleep.

I'm not sure how much more of this we can take. I think of the Survivor Theory all the time, the different permutations of it. If I shoot myself, will they leave Ruth
alone? I remember Kirker Farley, the first trapper I ever interviewed, said the whistling stopped altogether once his last companion was dead. Said he walked out of the
woods unmolested and found help. I'd want to walk for at least a day first. Make sure she wasn't hassled with burying me. That's how Ira said he would do it. Take
the gun and go for a walk. What did he tell her? Rock ptarmigan. He was never supposed to come back that day. I guess he never really did.

No. I can see the logic, say the words, but I can't do it. Ira wasn't the only coward in these woods.

12/9

Ephraim Defoe was the first whistler scholar to describe the Survivor Theory. He wrote a paper about it--the idea that the whistlers are in some way dependent on
humans and so will always leave one alive. A living human begets more humans. A survivor tells the story, excites curiosity, leads to more expeditions, more idiots in
the woods. It implies long-term thinking on the part of the whistlers. Planning. A cycle of sowing and harvest.

Ruth doesn't believe this part of the mythology.

"Obviously every story has a survivor," she says. "The incidents without survivors don't become stories. They don't make it into the record."

But I think about Kirker Farley. Gray mutton chops and a crumpled stetson, knuckles like oak bark. He was a Korea vet who retired to the wilderness once he got
home. Took a vow of poverty. He spent a winter stranded and snowbound with six other people, all ex-military, all skilled and tough as nails. The whistlers picked the
group apart one man at a time over the space of a month, and finally Kirker was left alone with his best friend, and that man started to lose his mind, started howling at
the moon. Kirker killed him, his best friend. A knife, while he slept. Gentle as can be.

Everyone I've ever told the story to said that's the answer right there: Kirker is just a murderer with a story to cover up his own wrongdoing. Maybe his case really is
that simple. At the beginning, Ruth suspected all cases were that simple. I asked Kirker, though, when we sat down together, "Knowing they only take one at a time,
why kill your partner and isolate yourself? Why not just stay together? Why wouldn't the whole group stay together, arms locked, one impenetrable unit?"

He smiled the strangest smile. And he said: "A whistler ain't a hound chasing a fox. He's an angler waiting for a shark. Patient, patient, patient."

We've been out here for months now, and I still don't know what he meant. I do know I didn't have the nerve to follow my own logic. I couldn't sit idle and let the
whistlers dictate terms. No whistlers tonight. When they come back, they'll come in force. They'll be insistent. I made my brother a promise, and I'll keep that
promise. But not today. Not yet. There's still the coast.

12/10

Today we found Gary Law's luggage in a cabin behind the lodge. It's nice knowing this is where he came from. It helps put a date on whatever scattered the population
of Red Hill. The man brought enough pleated slacks out here to start a catering company. Navy and Khaki, cufflinks and polo shirts. He's got bear tour brochures and a
receipt for a seaplane charter. It's as if this was his first time outside an office. He's got the look of someone they'd send search-and-rescue for, but we haven't heard
anyone flying over.

I've heard that's something the whistlers can do. They can change what you hear, when. Mask what's true and plant what isn't. Lillian tried to record the whistles one
night, but didn't pick anything up. All we get is static on the radio. I wonder.

No idea how Gary Law made it so far north by himself, on foot. Why on earth he picked that direction to begin with. Ruth gathered up his plane ticket and put it with
his ID. It's documents. Worthless documents. We don't have anything of Ira's, but we've got a whole damned library on Gary Law. I never actually saw the man's
body. It was strange timing. I came back to Ruth burying a man hours after I'd left Ira to die. But he didn't die. Didn't speak except to say that we were wrong. It was
a warning, just a warning, he said. The whistlers didn't kill anybody.

Neither did I, I guess.

12/11

There's a book in the lounge on traps and snares. I know exactly two traps, from scouts: the one where you make something heavy fall on your prey--a deadfall--and
the one where you funnel your prey down into a hole. They've each got their drawbacks. There are knots and nooses in this book, diagrams for cornering bigger game.
Ira was a damned Eagle Scout. Ruth likes to remind me of the things he knew that we're both useless for.

Today I left her washing the bedsheets in water so hot it turned her arms red. She saw a tick on the carpet, she said. I probably brought it in on my socks. I would help,
but I get the feeling she doesn't want me around the lodge.

There was good rope in the Jeep. I made three different leg snares and one neck snare that I don't have high hopes for. The book's got instructions for small elk, boar,
bear, and porcupine. I'd be glad to have any of those for dinner, but what I'm more interested in is what might happen if a whistler stumbles across a trap, or what they
might do to a tethered animal in distress.

The academic part of me hasn't frozen to death yet. Unlike Ruth, I haven't forgotten why we're here.

I found a pair of pole climbers in the closet. I stopped halfway up a mossy spruce and watched the forest for a good long time once the snares were set. I picked a little

clearing where the ground is spongy, not a quarter mile behind the houses across from the lodge, but well-hidden. Half the noises of the woods come from the trees
themselves. Creaking and swaying and whispering like they do. From my perch I could see the roofline of the lodge, smoke from the stove, and endless green in every
direction. There are hills between here and the coast.

I heard something just as I was returning to the lodge--a low rumble, a growl. I looked back and saw what looked like a dog streaking away from behind the houses and
disappearing into the woods. We freed a brindle mutt from one of the houses. He's been following me in and out of the woods, doesn't like me getting too close to his
house, the gray shack right on the edge of the opening in the trees where I usually hike in. He runs with low shoulders and a mean little snarl. I'm sure he's starving. If
he finds himself in one of my traps I may put him down. If I brought him home, Ruth would want to feed him, name him. Can't afford that.

After dark, there had to be twenty whistlers around the lodge. It was deafening, the sound of them, and all in the direction of that gap between the houses, the place
where the forest opens up, where I set my snares. I didn't tell Ruth this. Maybe it occurred to her anyway, that their activity might have something to do with my
time alone out there. I piled wood into the stove and made her put on a pair of socks.

She's been biting her nails down to nothing and talking in her sleep. I listen to her through the night. I don't sleep much myself.

12/12

Ruth isn't eating. She thinks I don't know how little food there is, thinks I don't notice her pretending to chew an empty spoonful of that yellowish fruit cocktail.
When she's rescued, people at work will make a fuss over how thin she is, how hard her arms and legs are now. It sickens me, the way we take our bodies for granted,
the way we would sit at desks and count calories and deny ourselves a beer after work.

Damn, I'd like a beer tonight.

I said it to Ruth just now. She's between me and the stove, braiding her damp hair. She laughed a little.

She's pitying me my lack of imagination, maybe, or maybe she's hoping I won't ask for the other thing I want.

Checked the snares today--caught some kind of fox, dispatched it with Ruth's hatchet. It was gamey and tough as shoe leather, but we ate it anyway, chewed like
jackals till our jaws were sore. There's plenty of salt and pepper, which didn't help as much as you'd think. Nothing in the other traps. The neck snare looked
disturbed, but the wind might have pulled it off the branches. Hard to tell.

Ruth keeps telling me to take it easy, rest in bed, get off my bad leg. I can't bring myself to tell her that keeping still sounds like a death sentence to me. If she had her
way, we'd curl up under the blankets together and wait for spring. Spring would come, but we wouldn't see it. The only way any of this matters is if Ruth makes it
out alive.

When she sees me going to the front door she asks me to stay where she can see me, stay within shouting distance. I cross the lounge to give her a kiss before I go, but
there's no give, no return. She's my sister when she chooses to be. When they come to rescue her, that's what she'll say. That I was her brother-in-law, that I looked
after her, that I was a decent help to her in Ira's absence. That I tried.

12/13

It's hours after dark. I just made it back. Ruth saw me limping and chewed me out, says I'm walking too far, putting too much weight on my bad leg too soon. She
doesn't know what I do all day. She assumes I'm still going through houses, finding matchbooks and hard candies lost behind sofa cushions.

I'm trying to finish it, but I didn't even get the damn noose around my neck. Impossible to reach a good branch on these evergreens. It had to be high up so they could
see me, so she could see me, so she'd know it was over. It's how we did Geoff, Ira and I. Took him hunting. Tied him to a tree, waited until we heard them closing in,
until his screams were drowned out by the whistling, and the other thing, the screeching and deep growling and the snapping of bones.

I had every intention of watching them take him, but in the end I didn't have the nerve. I was sprinting away at Ira's side, deciding the horrific din meant only that we'd
done our jobs well, that the whistlers deemed the transaction acceptable, that they would leave us alone for a few more nights. We got back to camp and told Lillian we
saw the whistlers attack him, and she believed us because they were silent for a long time after that. Almost two weeks.

Ira didn't know the stories well, but he was convinced it was the right thing. The lighthouse keeper was certifiable, but he pointed out, rightly, that the only way to
survive the whistlers is to play by their rules.

"They take one at a time," he said, the night the chopper crashed.

We were all around his hearth with him, nodding. We all knew it was true. They take one at a time and they leave one alive. That one alive was going to be Ruth. We
agreed, Ira and I, whispered the plan together. It had been years since we'd agreed about anything, but our decision about Ruth was mutual and urgent. He didn't hate
me for loving her then. He needed my help. The whistlers make the rules, but we decide the order.

We heard them closing in that night and dragged the lighthouse keeper from his bed. He was an old man, no trouble. We didn't wake the others. In the morning, we told
them we saw him walking off on his own, babbling about sparing the rest of us. We all remembered the pilot screaming about his wife and kids; we were all spooked by
then. All willing to believe anything. Geoff marked an empty grave with a broomstick and Lillian cried and called the man a hero. We camped in the woods that next
night, thought we might hike out of whistler territory before anybody else had to die. But we gave them Geoff next, then Lillian, and then we were down to just us
three. Just us three. And suddenly all I had in common with my brother was that I wanted to live, and wanted Ruth to live.

I fell out of the damn tree before I even found a branch. Banged my leg up good.

Patient, patient, patient. That's what I keep hearing, kept hearing, as I scraped away the soil and deepened the hole, as I grabbed roots and hauled away stones. It was
already there, a collapsed burrow of some kind, so convenient, a receptacle for my darkest instincts. Ira had poor night vision, wore contacts. It was easy, in the dark,
to get him where I wanted him. To scare him into the trap. My hands were freezing. He was a sacrifice, but unaccepted.

He was mute when he came back to camp, and even when he could accuse me he didn't. Why? Why did they march him back to our door?

He opened his mouth to say something before Ruth fired. In my dreams, I give him words. An accusation. A condemnation. A warning.

                                                                                  Part VI



I think I owe you all a recap of what's been happening for me in real time since I began posting these journals.

When I first met the man who gave me Bill's entries--let's call him Mr. H--I was struck by his stoic, resigned way of sharing them. Even though he was a bit territorial
about the originals (to date I have not seen them) he was determined about the idea of sharing the story with a broader audience. I felt silly for the way I'd personalized
the narrative earlier on. Talking to him, I stopped feeling like I had harmed anyone by posting Ruth's journal. I didn't feel as conflicted about it as I did at the beginning.

I had one last meeting with Mr. H before posting the first transcript of Bill's journal on nosleep. Yes, the man lived near me. He was grizzled, older but not elderly, used
a wheelchair but could walk short distances.

I found his company a little frightening at first. He wasn't a nosleep reader, as you might guess. The backpack I bought from the estate sale actually belonged to him.
He was a family friend of the grandmother who died, and she had been keeping a handful of his old things in storage. The granddaughter sold his belongings without
realizing what she was doing.

I returned the backpack and Ruth's pages to him, though he wouldn't tell me how he came by them or why he'd given them to the grandmother for safekeeping. This
was on Sunday, before I posted the first half of his transcripts. It seemed like the right thing to do.

Yesterday I went back to Mr. H's house. I went to ask if I could take some final pictures of both of the journals together, and the backpack. I know I told you I wasn't
interested in proving anything, but it seemed the final record would be more complete if I could offer at least one photo that encapsulated all of the material. Even
comparing the age and color of the paper would be edifying.

When I arrived, there was no answer at the door. It was unlocked, though. We live in a small town. I knocked loudly before letting myself in.

I found him in his living room, hanging from a beam, a toppled stepladder on the floor. I'm in tears as I write this. I had never seen a dead body before. Reading about
the horrors Ruth and Bill faced... I think none of it was real to me until now.

I don't know what he did with the two journals and the backpack. I didn't see them in his house while I waited for the police to arrive.

Do I suspect that Mr. H is Bill? A few of you have implied as much. I'm afraid I can't answer the question now. I never asked him point-blank.

All I can do is leave you with Bill's version of events.

We begin on the fourteenth of December, the morning after Bill attempted suicide in the woods beyond the lodge:

.

.

.

12/14

I've talked to a few eyewitnesses over the years who swear whistlers look just like people. A little paler, maybe. Dead behind the eyes.

I spoke to an old woman, Wilma Derren, a goat herder, who said they can look however they want to look. Like a goose or a sheep or a human being. It's when they
open their mouths that you hear the truth, and then they change back to their natural form. She wouldn't describe what that was.

She was convinced she'd seen one walking across her field one night, all alone, looking like a young man with torn clothes. She brought him inside, fed him dinner, and
he didn't speak a word to her. She turned away from him for a moment when she was clearing plates, and when she looked again he had gone from the table, sprinted
silently through the front door. That night, the whistlers came. They trampled her fences in the dark and she lost half her herd. Found a doe torn to pieces by
something. The rangers dismissed her story out of hand. Game warden had some explanation for her about bears. There was no sign of a bear though. No prints.
Nothing interesting about the dead doe.

I wonder now if they weren't half right. Ruth has said she thinks the whistlers could be protecting us. That we are not sharks, but more like sheep. Sheep at the mercy
of wolves, and the whistlers our shepherds. I don't know now. I don't know what to believe.

.

The dog's house has the best angle on the woods. I went in through the kitchen door and looked through the back windows. I wonder if they're out there now, having a
laugh about my abandoned noose. I'm brave inside my own head, brave on paper, but I haven't checked the snares today, and likely won't. I'm thinking, actually, that
it's about time we made our way to the coast. It's our last option now and I'm sick over it. Dead if we do, dead if we don't.

The leg is killing me. I'm eating Tylenol and aspirin like candy. We have more medicine than food left, but nothing helps much. The worst pain doesn't come from the
leg anyway. It comes from the ticking clock, the whistlers at night, Ruth's face. From knowing I'm a coward and a failure. Knowing she knows.

Tonight she drew me a bath and sat on the tub's edge to wash my hair, her legs against my back, her feet in the hot water. We didn't talk, but I rested my head against

her thigh and she sort of stroked the back of my ear. That's enough for now.

12/15

Damn dog came for me today while I was siphoning fuel from the van. Out of nowhere, but luckily Ruth saw and came running. She tried to scare the little bastard back
into the woods, but he wouldn't go, just stood whining at the trees, backing away from the swing of her stick, whimpering but refusing to flee.

Geoff had a theory. Called it the Symbiosis Hypothesis. He didn't study whistlers much, but he was big on cryptids in general. People always ask: given that
ecosystems only function because every organism plays a cooperative role, how is it possible that a tertiary predator could go unnoticed? A population of any
sustainable size has a measurable appetite. His answer was that there must be larger blind spots to account for elusive species. He thought cryptids must exist in pairs,
like a clownfish and an anemone. The anemone shields the clownfish from the outside world, protects it with poison that the clownfish is immune to. The clownfish
helps the anemone by maintaining it, giving nitrogen, managing parasites, luring in prey. In this way they operate at a remove from the rest of the ecosystem. They
cooperate, and might survive when logic says they shouldn't.

Ruth was shouting at the dog, shouting toward the woods, backing up to me, to shield me. We heard something out there, as her voice echoed. Something called back to
her. A scream. I'd heard it before. I'd thought it was a different part of the whistler's repertoire. A screech. A new inflection that comes over them when they go from
stalking to attacking. It's what we heard the night Geoff died. The same gnashing, shrieking. It echoed out of the cave where we left Lillian.

Lillian. Lillian with long red hair and adoring eyes for Geoff. She almost got away from us. She fought. Ira shot her in the leg. We told Ruth we were firing on the
whistlers when she asked about the sound. Said we could see them, like hard shadows, moving in the depths of the cave. Lillian wore the night vision goggles. I imagine
she saw them more clearly than anyone ever has before. We didn't see anything, only heard them. We heard this sound. A shriek like a wildcat. Like a deranged woman.
The whistling came after, came second, came from a different part of the woods and closed in.

Now the dog was whining, and then it cowered out of sight. And Ruth turned to raise me to my feet. We were urgent to move, but we weren't pursued. I can't explain
the shift, like a drop in temperature, a slackening of the wind. The whistlers were not there for us, but there for it. The whistling overtook the shrieking, and then
everything hushed at once. They left us alone.

Ira said it. Said it in a clear voice in the days after I thought he'd lost his mind. "It's a warning," he said. "The whistlers didn't kill anyone."

What did he see from down in the hole? He said he saw tool marks. He said it to Ruth, but looked at me, wanted to make sure I knew I wasn't forgiven. I used a folding
spade. I thought we were a day's walk from Red Hill then, maybe two. You have to give them something if you want to get away. It's what the lighthouse keeper said,
it's what the stories say. You play by their rules, you live. Or, you have a chance. I gave them Ira. I would do it again.

I kept thinking I should have told Ruth everything. Here she was standing in the street with a stick of firewood and no idea what's out there. I hit my head, I wasn't
much use, but I heard it again: the shrieking sound, and a rumble beneath it, atmospheric, eerie like thunder. Then the whistling. The dog was gone by then, but I can't
help thinking he's part of it too. The hair was spiked on his neck. Eyes wide. We humans, we've got a way of personalizing things. Of assigning motives, emotions.
Help or harm. Patient, patient, patient.

Ruth took me inside and cleaned my wounds, stitched up my leg. I'm bruised everywhere from my fall from the tree. She didn't ask about that. Maybe she assumed it
was old bruising still, or just more evidence that I've been pushing myself when I shouldn't.

We shared the last of the gin. It's battery acid, but somehow I couldn't get enough. I could see it getting to her as the evening got dark. Not the gin, but the fear. The
screech we heard, the anxiety in the dog's eyes. The feeling that the longer we're out here the less we know. A very final sort of despair. Like she might collapse and
never get back up again, even after everything we've done. I couldn't have that, so I rose and took her in my arms, and held her, and when I realized there was no way
to tell her it would be all right, I kissed her. And she let me. I heard her sighing, and felt the weight of her against me, letting go. There was something tight in her face,
more like desperate resignation than love. Maybe that was my own pain getting in the way. My need.

I brought her to the lounge and pulled her down with me on the bed, hurting everywhere and not caring. She undressed us both. I wonder, now that she's asleep, if she's
dreaming of me or him.

It's funny. I'm not afraid of death tonight.

12/16

I'm going to get Ruth to the coast. I decided this morning. Red Hill is a death trap, slow or fast, we'll die here if we stay. And we have the Jeep. Maybe we'll go fast
enough that the screeching thing won't follow us. Maybe the whistlers will close in on it once we're gone. They'll kill it. That's what Ruth thinks. She thinks it's a
monster, something old and unspeakable, something the people of this region have been conflating with the whistlers since time immemorial. She thinks the whistlers
are on our side. That they're keeping it at bay.

Time is a factor. My leg is in bad shape. The bite needs antibiotics, and we don't have them. She tried to get me to stay in bed, but I won't. There's too much work to
do.

I got the fuel and gear loaded into the Jeep, then in mid-afternoon I decided to walk back out toward the snares. I heard her yelling for me not to go too far, but she
doesn't understand. I can hear the whistlers all the time now. It isn't just at night, and it isn't just when they're putting on a show. I can hear them talking through the
day, hear their conversations out under the trees. They get clearer and clearer every minute. Soon, I think the whistle tones might turn into words. Something I can
parse.

It's a relief to be inside my brother's mind like this. Ira wasn't afraid of them. That night it hailed. I have nightmares about that night. They marked him out for

understanding, and now they've marked me, and I'm grateful. They'll leave Ruth alone. I went back out to the snares because I was ready, at last, to give them their
opportunity. I'm limping. Easy pickings if I'm wrong. I went as far as the hanging tree and got the pistol ready.

Hope feels like madness. I want to see them. The whistlers, the shrieking thing. I want to see them for myself before I die. That's not too much to ask, is it?

The murmurs became chatter, became whistling. They were calling me out of the clearing where I'd set my snares, away, into the trees. I followed them with measured,
trusting steps. Somehow I knew they wouldn't leave me behind. They were leading, not fleeing. The snow had an icy crust, and soon I wasn't just following sound and
emptiness. I was following tracks. Dog prints. And I looked ahead and I saw the dog, the same one, standing in a treeless space where the woods ended. It was the edge
of a cliff, snow and granite and scraggly trees. I could hear moving water, and the dog was staring at me, into my eyes, like he was possessed of a human mind.

"Are you one of them?" I said.

And the dog turned his back to me. He wagged his tail once and ran straight ahead, ran straight off the face of the cliff. And the whistlers, they were closer than I knew,
their voices erupting behind me and ahead, from down in the gully and right at my back.

And what I don't know--what I can't know--is whether he jumped for me or for them. Whether they were making noise over his death or my witnessing it. Whether
Ruth and I matter any more or less to the whistlers than the hares and foxes and birds we've hunted along the way. I walked to the cliff's edge as a matter of reflex. It
was a very long way down, a sheer granite face with icy lines of runoff. I didn't see the dog. I saw cars. A dozen? Maybe fewer. Cars and trucks, driven clear off this
cliff face, crashed and mangled, blackened where they'd burned.

It happened before we reached Red Hill, but not long before. It was a graveyard, a fresh one. Here lies the whole population of Red Hill, a sign might say. It's one thing
to be backed against an edge. It's another thing to drive clear off it. There weren't many bodies in view, but the ones I could see were removed from the vehicles.
Thrown? Dragged? It's hard to say.

Ruth got a paper published in a good journal a few years ago on the subject of mass hysteria. When a group of people panics all at once, they become like a single
organism. They might see things that were never there, remember events that never occurred. Everybody defers to the loudest voice and suddenly the whole herd is
spiraling to some terrible end at once.

There's a whistler story that takes place after a shipwreck. Twenty people get stuck together on the same beach. It was a fishing boat, so they're orderly people.
They've got a hierarchy. Everyone's got a job. But they realize there are whistlers near, and the captain starts telling them stories from when he was a boy. Stories of
how the whistlers will take the group down one at a time. How their minds will be compromised, they'll turn against each other. So they draw straws and choose an
order, and with great efficiency every third night they send one man out into the woods with a torch and nothing else. They assume they'll be rescued in a matter of
days, that each sacrifice is for the greater good, buying the group just a little more time. The chosen man never comes back, and the group never gets attacked by the
whistlers.

Confirmation bias, Ruth said.

The rescue boat never comes, and they continue in this way until the captain is the only man standing. It happened like clockwork, each man thinking his sacrifice was
keeping the others safe. That it was all a matter of practicality and fairness, and maybe that their own strength would keep them alive when it was their turn in the
wild. Who knows what they saw in the darkness? Maybe the whistlers called them onward, showed them paradise. Maybe the people who drove off this cliff saw a
road, a neat suspension bridge.

Something happens in the mind. Ruth hears her baby at night.

The captain did the talk show circuit for a few years, then killed himself. Ruth says this is the most damning part. The captain knew it was just a story. He knew the
whistlers weren't real. A little sleight of hand, he picked the order.

I picked the order.

I think it was a message. The dog, the whistling. There was no shrieking sound, no sign of danger. Just me and the fallen bodies and the cliff's edge. The whistlers were
daring me to take matters into my own hands, keep my promise.

12/18

Ruth is driving us to the coast. Things changed for me, this morning, when I realized we were really going. The weather was good, foggy, but not snowing. When we get
there, it's over. The coast is the last place we can go where we might get help, where we might find someone living who can get us out of here.

She looks tired. Her hands are tight on the wheel, windshield wipers squeaking as they clear the condensing mist. I've thought so much, over the years, about what she
deserves. Not me. Not this.

She knows how I feel. She's known since the night Katherine died. It was just mom and me in the hospital waiting room, late, drinking scorched coffee and pretending
to read magazines. The doctor came to say the baby had passed away, and then they wouldn't let me into the room with Ruth.

"Only the father is allowed," the nurse said. "Wait until visiting hours."

I raged at the woman with her pinned-back hair and sickly pink scrubs. Mom kept asking what had gotten into me. I told the truth. I broke down crying and said I was
in love with Ira's wife. I didn't realize until that moment that I was jealous of him. Jealous and angry. He was the only person allowed in that room with her, and he
wasn't there. He vanished to Tuscaloosa or somewhere to listen to drug reps lecture about catheters. Too chickenshit to be a man when it mattered. Right up until the
end.

I told that nurse I was the father. "Ira Douglas Gattiger," I said, poking my finger into her clipboard. We all knew I was lying, but Ruth said to let me in. It was so late
at night and I held her in the hospital bed, with all the tape and gauze and an IV in her arm. Katherine came by emergency c-section, so it was a double trauma. She was
stuck in a recovery bed for Katherine's entire week of life. And there was so little I could do.

Maybe I was taking advantage. I don't know. My mom looked in on us that night, saw us. She'll have her own ideas about this, once Ruth is rescued. She'll be
fascinated to know why I let my brother die.

.

The drive was short. I closed my eyes against the window, and opened them, and we'd arrived. Gray sand and the pale sun in the sky. An icy dock. There's a
boathouse, a shack, and enough trash in the bushes to say people have been here, but not recently. Not since the corruption came to Red Hill.

The corruption. That's what Kirker called it as he told me the story. It was a separate thing, something the whistlers brought with them. A corruption in the hearts of
men. Was he talking about fear? The ordinary fear of the unknown, and what it does to a person?

Ruth saw me crying and walked out to the dock. She can't look at me. I think she knows how badly I've failed. She knows this could be over for her if I was man
enough to be steady with the noose. No. She doesn't know. Doesn't expect me to be the one who dies. Doesn't know what I've done to keep us safe this long. She's a
good woman, virtuous like the long-suffering mother in a fairy tale.

If I told her the truth, we'd have an argument about whether it was necessary. Whether I am not just as bad as whatever lurks under the trees. I might be. I have my
reasons. But now she's run out of hope. She doesn't think either of us will make it out alive.

She turned her face into the wind, sharp, started walking up the beach.

"Do you hear that?" she said. I listened. It was faint, but there: whistlers. Whistlers coming for me, the man who picks the prey. But they didn't want Ira, didn't take
him. Or, they took his mind, but not his body. What about Lillian? What about Geoff? What was really happening beneath all that screaming?

"Don't go, Ruth," I said. She was walking up the sand, going to where she could see across the beach. But she wasn't hearing whistlers. She was hearing the baby again.
I don't remember Katherine crying. She was too small, too weak, didn't have time.

"There's a boat," Ruth said, looking winded, maybe happy. It was something to do, an option to try. I told her I couldn't go back to Red Hill. I intended that she
should go back, keep warm, wait for rescue. She could make it once I was gone. In any of the stories, she would make it.

But we dragged ourselves toward the boat on the unforgiving coastline. The sand became craggy basalt, became forest, weedy and thorny and near impenetrable. She
clambered onward almost like an animal, on all fours up boulders, always moving forward, always toward the boat.

And every step brought us closer to the whistlers. I could hear them, growing louder, hiding in the trees. Dozens? At least. The hollow howling, but everything else
too: the clicking of teeth, the shifting of weight. Yes, there are bodies beneath the voices. A strange corporeality, something I may never succeed in defining.

We stood at the edge of shallow, gently lapping water. Suddenly she was an expert on boats and tides. It was a mistake, coming so far. The boat was a weathered shell
of itself, flimsy and with tattered sails and frayed lines. It wouldn't take her as far as she needed to go.

But she insisted. She said she didn't hear the whistlers. She heard the baby and Ira. Ira singing, a phrase so foreign I can't even imagine it.

She heard them behind her, on the boat, calling her to the false safety of the water. All I could hear was ahead of us, in the woods. I heard whistlers and their waiting
jaws. I heard the danger that they were protecting her from.

And it occurred to me that maybe the whistlers were offering another bargain. Put Ruth on the boat, let her go. They were offering me a chance to die on my feet, pistol
in hand. Yes, I was willing. I was willing if it meant, somehow, that Ruth would be safe.

I told her to get on the boat, moved like I was right behind her. Stopped. Turned.

I walked up the beach, toward the whistlers, toward the edge of the trees where they hid, where they called for me. And soon Ruth saw what I'd done. She saw I
didn't follow her onto the sailboat. That I was away and the tide was rising. That I was facing the whistlers, facing the end. She was screaming over the whistlers. So
she could hear them now. She was screaming behind me, screaming about something I should see.

"Run, Bill! Can't you see it? Bill!"

I saw it. The dog. Gray and brown. Sharp, forward ears. Dappled dark on the sides. I fell to my knees, thinking, like a fool, that I had them figured out. I was supposed
to follow the dog, I thought. Supposed to give myself up. So I did. My legs weren't working, and I crawled. I crawled over sharp stone and weedy gravel. I stared the
dog in the eye. It was silent, like Wilma Derren's young man. A whistler, I decided. Shade of the Woods, they're called, further north. A whistler in the shape of a dog.

It was coming toward me, tentatively. I heard Ruth's voice, a complaint high in her throat, harsh. My name. Screaming my name. But the whistlers drowned her out.
Their voices rose, to screeching, to a din. And they descended on the dog right in front of my eyes. The dog that was not a dog, not a whistler. Something else.
Something that died with a moan like an earthquake. They tore it apart. The effort went on for many long minutes, long enough for me to realize the dying thing looked
nothing like a dog. Not in the least. It had long, black limbs. Sharp, angular, with joints protruding. Short, coarse hair that shone. It bled the same deep red of any
mammal, long toes curled with black claws, flickering nerve impulses.

Part of my mind says it was a bear. Black fur, enormous stature, and that low growl, dark and strong in a way that grips your heart. It could have been a bear. It could

have been any number of completely familiar things. There's another part of me that knows it wasn't a bear. Knows it isn't something I've ever seen before, isn't
something I can describe.

And the whistlers took it down.

I got back on my feet, swayed once before falling again. The last thing I heard was the snapping of bones, and in my fevered mind they were Geoff's bones, and
Lillian's, and Ira's, and Ruth's. They were Katherine's tiny bones, and the whole misadventure was my fault. It is, isn't it? I picked the order. It all falls to me.

I didn't wake up until the following morning, and by then the woods were silent. Ruth and the boat were gone.

12/19

When did the dog stop being a dog? I don't know. The wound on my leg refuses to heal. I can feel the pain of it in my entire body. An ache in time with my heartbeat.

Wilma wouldn't tell me what the whistlers really looked like. There's a reason for that. Good reason. They were drawing curtains in our minds. Letting Ruth hear her
daughter again, showing me another pitiful creature alone in the woods. I don't know, but I have my suspicions. I think we personalized the story when we shouldn't.

They're not protecting us. That much is obvious now. Should have been obvious a long time ago.

Anglers waiting for sharks. Ruth and I, we're not sharks. Patient, patient, patient. We're bait. I see that now. We're bait for something bigger. Is that what they were
doing with Ira? Keeping him on the hook? Something took his arm, but the whistlers kept him on his feet. Kept him walking. Marked him, and now they've marked
me. Put my scent on the wind.

I couldn't walk back to the jeep tonight. I got halfway, was hobbling. This leg is close to useless. I imagine Ruth's hands on it, telling me to stay awake, to stare down
the pain. When I find her, I won't let us be separated again. We'll fight our way out of this back-to-back. Keep moving down the coast. If they want one of us, they'll
have to take us both. That was her mindset, the right mindset.

We're not the prey. I see that now. Human beings are collateral damage. No, I'm not certain. There are too many stories. Memories told by people with polluted minds.
Corrupted.

I don't see the boat. No lights or fires. I had to move further inland than I liked to find a trail.

She's safe. She has to be. Safe in the boat, in the water. Safe because she's a terrific shot and the toughest person I know. But is her mind safe? Is she safe when she
closes her eyes? The whistlers were getting to her, planting lies. I couldn't make a fire, but there's no snow out here under the dense trees. Not yet.

12/21

It's been a few days. I think three nights, since I saw Ruth. I reached the boathouse, but the jeep is gone. There are tire tracks to follow, down the beach, through the
mud. I slept half the day yesterday. The pain is blinding. I was lost in the woods, turned around. It was further than I thought, and the trees all look the same once
you're off course, when every step costs so much.

Excuses, excuses, excuses. What will I do if she doesn't make it? What have I done?

I froze overnight. Buried myself with moss. And this morning I realized I could just stay down. I regretted ever leaving Red Hill. A stove and blankets. If we were going
to die anyway, why not die together? I was so sure she'd have a chance at the coast. When I find her, she'll tell me what an idiot I was. She'll tell me she loves me. She
said it that night after the dog bit me. She was falling asleep, her cheek on my shoulder, my hand in her hair.

"I love you, Bill," she said. And she closed her eyes.

I just smiled, figured she already knew how I felt. Now I wish I'd said it back. I wish, in the darkness, I had more of that moment to remember. I love you, Ruth
Gattiger. It's the greatest pain in my life, but I do.

12/24

I made it to the jeep. It's parked askew in a marshy area where the mud would be deadly if it wasn't freezing over. Out of gas. She didn't get far. I wonder if she was
running the engine for heat. Couldn't blame her. It's raining a little. Freezing mist. I'm inside the jeep and she isn't here. Her backpack is slumped in the back seat, her
pens and journal stuffed inside a plastic bag right at the top of the pack. The revolver is here, empty. I found it a good five yards from the jeep, on the ice, but no Ruth.

I've got three in the pistol.

Her last journal entry is a suicide note, or, that's how it seems. She figured I was dead and tried to drive south, then ran out of fuel. If she killed herself, she'd be here
beside me. I suppose an animal might have dragged her away if she wasn't in the vehicle. It says here: "Take my body back to Oregon." She wouldn't have been so
careless as to do it out in the open. Not when she had the option. Not when she knew what was lurking close by.

It's too dark to go looking now. I'm exhausted in a way that feels almost soft, welcome. That's the cold getting into me. It's deep now, the chill. Setting into my bones.

Maybe I'll see Ruth tonight. Maybe I won't wake up.

12/25

Christmas Day. Her body was dragged. It was easy to see in the light of morning. I stuffed her pack into mine and went looking. There are footprints in the mud, hers,
leading toward where I found the revolver. No blood on the ice. A disturbance where she might have fallen, and then a smear in the mud where she was taken away, up
across the ice and through gravel, through sand, inland, into the woods again.

I followed the path without weighing the idea first. It seems we're worth more to them alive. Ira. They kept Ira going for more than a month. He had a rifle the day he
saw their true faces. The day the corruption got hold of him.

If I had finished it sooner, Ruth would be safe now. She'd be walking south, wouldn't she? Free to go. We're worth too much to them, the whistlers. Too useful. That's
why they never finish us off. A survivor with a good story keeps the cycle going. Keeps the humans coming. Ruth understood that. The mystery is a hunting tactic.
Our curiosity is what kills us in the end. That, and our companions.

12/26

Twice I thought I'd lost the trail, but I didn't. The trail changed. It crossed the road from Red Hill and led through a brushy field, through snow.

I almost turned to walk to the lodge. Pros and cons. Another day or two of this and I might drop. But turning away could mean losing the trail.

Here, in the field, the drag marks turn into footsteps. Uneven, like she's dragging her feet. Bare feet. Her shoes came off along the way. I found them, tied them to my
pack. If she's walking, maybe she got away. So, I'll follow. I won't stop. The tracks are obvious now, in the snow. As long as I can keep ahead of the weather, this will
all be over soon. South. She's leading me south.

12/29

The trail, the tracks, they ended today. I was walking in Ruth's bare footsteps, the dragging strides, and suddenly they weren't just hers. There was a second set of the
same steps, and a third, all dragging, and running together, and I was so fixed on my feet, on the tracks, on picking Ruth's tracks apart from the others, I didn't realize I
was walking in a circle. A circle high on a ridge, exposed, and the tracks leading me around and around a boulder, big and gray, marked with a vein of white quartz.
There's no path away from here, just a continuous loop of footprints, so many the snow has cleared, leaving mud and dead plant matter, leaving a ring like the one we
found encircling the lodge on our first morning in Red Hill. Then, my instinct was to flee. To get Ruth the hell out of that ring if I could manage it, or feed myself to the
whistlers, give them what I thought they wanted.

Now the circle didn't mean as much to me. I had no energy for fear. Ruth is walking among the whistlers. For how long? For however long she can stay on her feet. It's
not symbiosis. Whatever it is, it starts in the mind, in the head. Maybe they were all like us, once. Like Ira and Ruth. Maybe that's why they always let one person go.

Teller Rickson, a folklorist, that was his theory. He thought there was no cryptid in the woods, no separate predator species. That the whistlers themselves were just
people, corrupted. Pushed so far by the harshness of the wilderness that they transformed into something else to survive. Pure need and fear. Hunting in a pack.
Maybe deep down they have human hearts. Maybe part of them wants to see us survive.

I climbed up onto the boulder, stayed inside the ring. It was late evening, and I figured they'd come for me. Maybe I'd see Ruth among them. That would be worth it.
That, and the stars. I sat on the boulder and could see across the valley, the snow and the distant gray ridges, the sky turning purple and the opening eyes of the stars.
But the whistlers never spoke up around me. They never came. And the longer I looked the more I saw across that valley. I saw a hard, unnatural line. A road. And
before long there was a light on it, a moving light, headlights, winding up a neighboring ridge. And there were other lights--Christmas lights, window lights, the
spangled glow of a small town. Another Red Hill, but this one populated. This one alive.

Ruth left me her flint and steel. Paper. I started a fire, and they came for me the next morning. They came for me the way they would have come for Ruth if I hadn't
failed, in a chopper, with blankets, with ointment for my cuts and a splint for my leg. I might lose it, someone said. They might take it off at the knee.

"What happened?" the ranger hollered over the chopper blades.

"The whistlers," I said, garnering myself a look of mixed pity and disbelief.

"What are the whistlers?" he said.

There's no explaining what's actually out there, and I see that that is by design. The ineffability is the trap. I shook my head the way Wilma Derren shook her head at
me, all those years ago, and said the only thing that made sense at the time:

"Patient, patient, patient."

                                                       Mr. Moogy was imaginary. He had to be.

                                                                                by rydenanne

                                                                    Runner Up - March Monthly Contest




My daughter started talking about Mr Moogy on her 4th birthday. My brother and I lived across the street from one another and we held the party at his house since
he could afford a pool and I couldn't.

That day, the shift was indicated by a small tug on the skirt. I turned to see the beautiful hazel eyes of Melissa, my daughter, staring up at me. "Mommy, Mr. Moogy
wants to come home with us." I knelt down to get to her level. "Who's that, baby?" She looked around, as if searching for someone. "He's my new friend! I don't see
him, though. He must have gone to grab his coat." I realized then that my little baby had her first imaginary friend. I nodded enthusiastically "Of course he can. Mr.
Moogy is more than welcome in our home whenever he wants."

I thought nothing of Mr. Moogy, really. Although, thing around the house were strange after that and a lot of it had to do with Mr. Moogy. She insisted on having her
window open every night, and Mr. Moogy never seemed to want to be in the room with me. Every time I'd ask her where he was, she'd say something like "he went
home for the day" or "he decided to go for a walk around the block." I once joking asked if he didn't like me. She looked at me, hurt. "Oh no, mommy! Mr. Moogy
loves you a whole bunch! He just gets shy!"

This went on for a year. The only problem was, the more time went on, the more immersed she became in Mr. Moogy. She changed a lot of parts of her personality,
which she said was something Moogy wanted for her. My emotions were mixed. Worry and frustration. She would spend so much time by herself. Opting to shut
herself away in her bedroom with him rather than go spend her time outside. She refused certain things she used to love, and it was difficult to get her to even go to the
store with me. I'd try to take her to her dad's on weekends, but if I could even get her there without her throwing an enormous fit, I'd get a call within a few hours from
my ex-husband, absolutely insisting that I pick her up.

She was out of control at that point. She trashed his house on several occasions before he finally threw his hands up and yelled "God damn it, Mary, take your fucking
kid and get out of my life." She held her head in shame as I explained, while trying to contain my sheer anger, that what she did was entirely wrong. She just kept
saying "Mr. Moogy said it was the only way I could stay with you."

I felt fed up, but I was more worried. I wanted to badly to take her to a doctor, but the divorce left us broke and without insurance. Silently, I hoped she would grow
out of it.

One morning, I woke up to find that Melissa was fully dressed. Most of the time, she would opt for pajamas. "What's the special occasion?" I asked, treading lightly
as possible. She had never flipped out and trashed our house, but I still found myself afraid of my own child. "Mr. Moogy wants to play outside today." I nodded,
relieved that she was going to be outside instead of locked away. I decided that I'd do the dishes, so I could stay inside and still watch her playing in the yard.

I couldn't have looked away more than a few minutes, but when I looked back, she was gone. Running outside, I screamed her name, but got no reply. I called the police
immediately and a search was started. Every hour that passed, I prayed to a God that I didn't fully believe in. I prayed for my daughter's safety. I prayed that this was
just one of many odd but harmless occurrences. Hours turned into days. Then weeks. Months. Half a year had gone by, and there was no sign of Melissa.

At 2:37 AM on an abnormally warm October night, a call came in to the station from a man claiming to have seen someone carrying a body through his back yard. The
police caught him in the act. Older man, probably in his 40s. Thick glasses, lanky body. Nothing at all special about him, other than the fact that the body he was
trying to bury was that of my little Melissa.

I'm sure you don't want the gory details, and I'm not willing to relive them. She had been abused in disgusting, inhuman ways for the entirety of the six months she had
been gone. She was so thin and bruised, she was barely recognizable. I was asked down to the station, and had my brother accompany me. They wanted to see if I
could recognize the guy. My brother grasped my hand tightly, likely fighting back tears himself, as we stared at this strange man from behind weird mirror glass. It all
felt like a bad episode of SVU.

Detective Lorenzo stared with sympathy in his eyes. "Do you know this man?" I shook my head "No. I've never seen him in my life." My brother looked at me with
confusion. "What are you talking about? Don't lie to them, Mary." My head was so foggy, it took a few moments for me to realize what was said and reply. "Uh, no.
I've never seen him." He looked a bit angry with me then. "Are you shitting me? He was in and out of your fucking house for that past, what, year?!" That was the
tipping point.

Later, I sat at a metal table, across from Detective Lorenzo. His tone had changed from sympathetic to accusatory. "How do you know Tomas Moony?" He pushed a
photo of the man that killed my daughter across the table. I shook my head, almost too bewildered to speak. "I don't know that man." He stood quickly, slamming his
hands on the table. Yeah, this definitely seemed like a bad episode of SVU. "He was in your house. People saw him walking EVERYWHERE with you and your
daughter. Your own brother saw the man come in and out of the house." I think that's when I made the connection. Moony. Moony. Moogy. Moogy.

There was no way. Mr. Moogy was imaginary. It was not possible that a man could have avoided me - BEEN IN MYHOME, WITH MYCHILD - for a year. Yet, the
evidence was there. The neighborhood watch had surveillance cameras installed a few years before we moved in. The footage showed Tomas Moony, a man I never met
until I saw him in that interrogation room, crawling through the windows of my home, mostly Melissa's bedroom window. Hell, he even came and went through the
front door several times. They asked a few people around the community if they ever saw him. Most of them nodded solemly. They all assumed that he was a relative
or a family friend. He'd always follow at a distance, and I never thought to look over my shoulder.

I never saw him. I never fucking saw him. Not once.

                                                                            Taffeta the Doll

                                                                                  by sek824
                                                                      Runner Up - March Monthly Contest



"Happy Birthday, Emma," I said, kissing my daughter's cheek lightly.

"Thanks, Mommy," she murmured, a small smile on her face.

"How old are you, sweet pea," my long-term boyfriend, Roger, asked her.

Emma smiled. "Five," she said proudly, holding up five fingers.

"Wow, you are getting so old!" he exclaimed, wrapping his arms around her. "When I was your age, I'm pretty sure I didn't even know how to count."

I rolled my eyes. "That wouldn't surprise me," I admitted, gently hitting his arm.

"Mommy, can I open my presents?" Emma asked, looking up to me.

I couldn't help but smile and nod at my beautiful daughter. She immediately reached for the biggest box. As she unwrapped the purple wrapping paper, she smiled in
glee when she saw the face of a doll behind the plastic.

She giggled with excitement, ripping off the top of the box and pulling out the doll inside. The doll was glass and vintage, representing a Victorian style dress code. She
had light brown eyes, fair skin, and dirty blonde hair that were wound into small ringlet curls.

"She's so pretty," she said, hugging the doll.

"What are you going to name her?" I asked, rubbing my daughter's back.

"She looks like a Taffeta," she said, caressing the doll's face.

"So, Taffeta?" I responded.

"Yup."

"Taffeta is a beautiful name," Roger said, wrapping an arm around Emma and me.

And Taffeta became apart of the family just like that. She never left Emma's side, not even for school. I became a bit concerned when Emma would talk to Taffeta and
respond as if she were talking back, but when I talked to other mothers they assured me it was a phase every child goes through.

Six months after Taffeta becoming apart of the family, I invited Roger to come live with Emma and me. Our relationship had grown to be serious, and I told Roger my
concerns that Emma needed to get used to having him around the house 24/7 and he agreed. So he moved in as quickly as he could.

That's when weird stuff started to happen. It happened the first night Roger was staying with us. We were having dinner when Emma said something.

"Taffeta doesn't like you," she said, turning to Roger.

Roger raised an eyebrow at her. I was completely appalled by Emma's comment and I shushed her.

"What, Mommy?" she asked quietly.

"That's not a very nice thing to say, Emma. You know better," I scolded her.

"But, it's Taffeta, not me. I didn't say I didn't like him, she did," she protested.

"Emma-"

"No, no, it's fine, Marie, really," Roger said, putting a hand up to me. He then turned to Emma and smiled.

"Emma, can you tell me why Taffeta doesn't like me?"

Emma shrugged. "I don't know why. She said she just doesn't like you," she said.

Roger nodded. "I see. Well, how about tomorrow I take you and Taffeta for ice cream. Do you think that will make her like me?"

Emma slightly smiled. "Maybe."

"Alright," Roger said, patting her hand.

Later that night, I told Roger how deeply sorry I was for Emma's comment.

"I don't know why she said that, I really don't," I told him as I began to fold myself under the covers.

Roger smiled and patted my leg. "It's fine, Marie, really. I kind of expected it. I mean, I'm not her real dad, so she must feel like I'm trying to replace him."

"Her father died a long time ago when she was two. I don't think she remembers him," I explained.

"It's okay. I'll take her out for ice cream tomorrow for some bonding time. We'll get through this," he said, kissing my forehead.

The next day after they came back from the ice cream shop, Roger had a bright blue stain on his pants.

"Honey, what happened?" I asked.

Emma looked sheepishly at Taffeta and then at me. "It wasn't me, it was Taffeta."

I raised my eyebrow at Roger, who looked at me helplessly.

"Emma, why don't you and Taffeta go to your room for a bit while me and Roger talk?" I said, glaring to Emma.

"Mom, I didn't-"

"Now, please," I interrupted.

Emma sighed and carried Taffeta by the arm, dragging her legs across the floor and shutting her bedroom door.

"What happened?" I asked him.

Roger shrugged. "I have no idea. Emma said Taffeta wanted to sit too so I said that was okay. She sat Taffeta in between us and one minute the doll had her hands in
her lap and the next one of her arms swung at me and I dropped my ice cream cone into my lap."

"Wait, so you're saying a doll hit your ice cream? All by herself?" I said, furrowing my eyebrows.

"Marie, don't look at me like I'm crazy, alright? I'm trying to come up with what happened just as much as you are and I honestly don't know."

"Maybe when someone walked by you they accidentally touched the doll. Or maybe Emma found a way to make the doll move. I know how much you love your
horror movies so don't even try to make this a Chucky scenario," I said.

Roger nodded. "Yeah, you're probably right."

"Aren't I always?" I giggled, wrapping my arms around him.

Roger kissed my forehead lightly. "I'm going to go wash up," he said, leaving me in the hallway.

I smiled and went for Emma's room. I hovered my hand over the doorknob when I heard Emma's soft voice. I pressed my ear against the door and listened to Emma
talk.

"Why don't you like him?"

Pause.

"Taffeta, that's not very nice."

Pause.

"I like him. He's nice."

I stood there for a moment, waiting to see if any other conversation would take place. I opened the door after the silence lasted for more than a minute. Emma was
sitting cross-legged while Taffeta stood there for a second until falling to the ground on her side.

I gasped at the sudden noise. Emma sat there, looking up to me with big brown eyes.

"Hi, Mommy," she said.

And I swear to God I thought I saw Taffeta turn towards me out of the corner of my eye.

I became very cautious over the next few days. Strange occurrences happened, like Emma would leave Taffeta in front of the television only to have Roger trip over her
in the bathroom. But I have to say the creepiest one was when Emma and Taffeta were coloring together. Taffeta had a blue crayon taped to her hand and Emma
scribbled next to her with a red crayon.

"What are you drawing? Did you draw this?" I asked, picking up the piece of paper in front of Taffeta.

"No, Taffeta did that one," Emma said, crawling towards me and plopping herself next to me.

I decided to play along and examined the drawing closer. I saw it was a picture of three people, all of which appeared to be girls. And in the corner of a page was a
scribbled blob.

"Is that me?" I asked her, pointing to the tallest one.

"Yes, and that's me, and that's Taffeta," she said, going down the row of biggest to smallest.

"What's that?" I asked, pointing to the scribble in the corner of the page.

Emma glared at Taffeta and then looked back to me. "Taffeta was just being mean. That's Roger."

"Why is he a scribble?" I asked her.

Emma squinted at the drawing. "Oh, that's his blood."

I frowned and stared at my daughter in shock. "Emma, why would you draw such a thing?" I asked her, feeling repulsion fill my guts.

"But, it was Taffeta. I promise," Emma pled.

I wanted to believe her. I wanted to believe Emma was too innocent to think such thoughts. But I was already feeling delusional enough to the point where I didn't
want to think Taffeta was anything more than a doll.

After the drawing happened, various notes would appear around the house in blue crayon. It said things like "Roger leave" and "Roger bad". I could tell it was taking a
toll on Roger, reading the hurtful notes. I confronted Emma about this outlandish behavior, but she denied it and blamed Taffeta. That's when Roger and I decided that
Taffeta was doing more harm than good to Emma's development and we planned to discard of her in the morning, our excuse being, "Taffeta's family called and said
they missed her, so she went back to stay with her mom and dad." But, that never happened.

It was the last night of Roger staying with us. He decided that he should read Emma a bedtime story before bed, to try and create a bond. He left our bed and I laid
there, reading a magazine from a few seasons ago. That's when I heard a bloodcurdling scream.

I jumped to my feet and burst into Emma's room. What I saw I will never forget. Roger had his arm extended from his body, and latched onto his forearm by the teeth
was Taffeta the doll.

I let out a shriek and Taffeta seemed to release his arm, falling to the floor. Blood gushed from the wound and he ran into my arms, sobbing profusely. Emma was curled
in her bed, her eyes glassy and motionless. I cleaned and wrapped Roger's wound. He said he did not want to go to the hospital and he trusted my first aid as being
more than enough.

"I don't think it's safe here. I think we should take Emma to a hotel or something," Roger admitted, holding his bandaged area.

"There's something going on with the doll," I said. "I'm going to throw her away."

"And I'll take Emma to a hotel, so she feels safe," Roger said. "I think that would be best."

I nodded. "Okay, I'll get rid of Taffeta."

Roger left in the next hour with Emma, still speechless. When I saw their car drive away, I headed straight into Emma's room where Taffeta sat on Emma's bed.

I stared at the doll, biting my lip.

"Can you talk?" I asked, feeling stupid.

The doll sat there with an unnerving gaze.

"Let's try this," I said, going to Emma's nightstand and pulling out the first writing utensil I saw, which happened to be a green coloring pencil. I grabbed some tape
from the top of the desk and briskly wrapped it around Taffeta's hand with the green pencil underneath.

I placed a white sheet of paper in front of her. "I want you to tell me what the hell you want," I said, shoving the paper towards her.

Taffeta remained still and I let out a aggravated shout before swiping everything that was on Emma's bed onto the floor in a fit of rage.

I ran into the kitchen and got a trash bag, fumbling with opening it. I walked back into Emma's room and picked up Taffeta, scowling at her face.

"Bitch, you're going in the trash. You're going to be mushed into nothing but flat plastic," I growled in her face.

At that moment, the green pencil fell from Taffeta's taped hand onto the paper on the floor, which now had marks on it.

I felt my jaw drop and I set the trash bag and Taffeta on the floor next to my feet. Picking up the note, it read: Roger hurts Emma

I dropped the paper and stared at Taffeta. She seemed to be telling me exactly what I was thinking. I needed to go to that hotel.

I drove to the hotel, leaving Taffeta back at the house. When I reached the hotel, I gave them my last name since Roger used my credit card. They allowed me a room
key.

I rushed to the room and I opened the door quietly. I heard Roger's soft voice talking to Emma. As I finally came into view of what was happening, I couldn't help but
let out a scream.

Sitting on the bed was Roger and Emma, except Roger was not wearing any clothes and he was in the middle of pulling Emma's shirt up over her head.

I screamed and cursed at Roger in a way I had never spoken to anyone. Roger frantically put on his clothes and explained that he was teaching Emma about boys and
girls. Bullshit. I screamed at him and called the police. He left in a panicked state and I sat there, holding Emma and sobbing until the police showed up.

They eventually caught Roger and found that he was actually not named Roger at all, but his real name was Dennis Porter, who was a registered sex offender for
producing child pornography.

The experience left Emma and I both emotionally scarred, and we went to a psychiatrist together. Emma repressed her memories of her time with Roger, something the
psychiatrist told me was very normal for kids her age who went through something traumatic.

And we healed. I ended up meeting a lovely woman with a son herself and falling for her. We married 4 years after meeting and grew to be a wonderful family of four.

As for Taffeta, since Roger left there has been nothing new. She now acts like any inanimate object. When Emma is at school, I sometimes tried to get her to talk to me.
I ended up apologizing profusely and thanking her while begging her to say something to me. But she remained motionless and did not write on any papers I laid in
front of her.

Emma was still very fond of Taffeta, but when she reached the age of nine she grew tired of her and left her for real friends. After Emma turned 13, she completely
forgot about Taffeta and paid no attention to her whatsoever. But Taffeta remained a doll, doing nothing out of the ordinary.

Emma got married to a pleasant man named Andy and they had a little girl who they named Paige. On Paige's fifth birthday, I decided to give Taffeta to her.

"You know, this was your mother's when she was your age," I told her.

Paige smiled. "Wow, she's so pretty."

"Yes, yes she is. She'll also protect you, you know. Her job is to protect little girls until they're big, and then she finds other little girls to protect," I said, handing the
doll to Paige.

Paige wrapped her arms around Taffeta tightly. "Thank you, Grandma. I love her."

"Her name is Taffeta," I said. "Take good care of her and she will take good care of you as well." Paige smiled and played with Taffeta for the rest of the night.

After three months of not seeing Taffeta, Emma made a surprise visit to my house with Taffeta in her arms.

"Hey, Mom, I'm really sorry to ask you this but can you take Taffeta back?" she said.

"Why? What's wrong?"

"Well, it's just Paige has been acting strange ever since you gave her Taffeta. Like, she'll talk to Taffeta."

"That's just kid stuff. You did that when you were her age too."

Emma rolled her eyes. "I know, Mom. But, Paige now says the most bizarre stuff. She says stuff like, "Taffeta doesn't like you, Daddy" and about a week ago she
started leaving notes around the house that said, "Leave andy" and "Bad andy". She's never called her father by his first name. Ever. I just think that the doll is leaving
a bad impression on her."

                                                         I Used to Work Night Security at a Zoo

                                                                             by SeasideConflux
                                                                    Runner Up - March Monthly Contest



"Damned, dirty apes," Ronnie cursed into the radio.

"What's going on out there?" I asked, giving his quote a chuckle. I could hear the shrieking of the baboons in the background.

The storm came down worse than the pretty weather girl said on the television earlier that night. In fact, it was the complete opposite. The wind gusts blew through
the zoo accompanied by torrents of cold, thick rain. She said it was supposed to become a drizzle in the next couples hours yet it was intensifying.

"They're really agitated tonight. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with them," Ronnie answered back.

"Must be the storm. It's probably going to get worse before it gets better. Animals have a sixth sense about them, you know? They know when the shit is about to hit
the fan," I said back to him and lowered the radio volume.

"Oh come on, you know that's some pseudo-science bullshit!" Ronnie shouted as I expected he would. It was easy getting under his skin when it came to stuff like
that. He had no tolerance for bullshit and that's part of the reason why we got along so well. We had plenty of time to get to know each other while working the day
shift and often walked around the zoo shooting the shit while telling the visitors not to feed the animals and occasionally dealing with an obnoxious or drunken patron.

Everything changed the day after the first incident at the zoo. Several animals were found eviscerated in their enclosures and some were missing altogether. Security was
ramped up in response forcing us to man the night shift until the police could figure out what had happened. Neither of us minded being re-assigned since our pay was
slightly increased and we wouldn't be dealing with the nasty heat in the daytime. Best of all, there weren't any visitors in the zoo.

"I'm kidding, buddy. Relax," I said adding fuel to the fire.

"Fuck you, Al!" Ronnie shouted and cut out. I walked underneath the awning near a row of snack stands staying out of the rain. I felt bad for Ronnie since there was
nothing on his side of the zoo besides restrooms that would offer shelter from the rain.

"Hey Ron, why don't you hide out in the bathroom for a while until this shit blows over? Give'em a good cleaning while you're at it," I suggested.

"Shut up," Ronnie replied in a whisper.

"Oh come on, I'm just trying to help," I replied back laughing that I'd gotten under his skin again.

"No seriously, be quiet a sec," Ronnie commanded in a serious tone. In the time we'd worked together, I'd never heard Ronnie be serious about anything. I waited for
what felt like hours for him to radio back. I was about to squeeze the Call button when the crackle of radio static startled me.

"Get the fuck over here now!" Ronnie shouted frantically.

"What is it?" I answered back.

"Seriously man, whatever you're doing just drop it and get the fuck over here now. You gotta see this." Ronnie's voice wavered in the static of the radio. Though I was
cold and soaked to the skin, I felt colder still when I heard him speak those last words. I'd never heard his voice waver like that. I'd never heard that undercurrent in it
that couldn't be disguised: fear.

"Be over there ASAP. Sit tight." The radio crackled and I headed from the shelter of the snack stands back to the parked golf cart. The plastic roof of the vehicle did
little to shelter the console from the pouring rain, everything was soaked and dripping. I hopped in and turned the key, my hand shaking from the cold.

I buzzed away in the silent vehicle, along the black pavement of the zoo paths toward the primate enclosures where Ronnie awaited. The grounds were empty and
quiet. Much too quiet. Why in God's name did we have to work on a night like tonight? Why couldn't we just stay in the office until this shit blew over? And now this
nonsense with the apes. The thoughts buzzed in my head and more and more I began to weigh how much I actually needed this job.

When I arrived at the baboon enclosure, Ronnie stood by the edge of the cage, his plastic poncho flapping in the wind behind him like some kind of comic book
superhero. I slammed the brakes hard and brought it to a dead stop behind him, but he didn't turn around.

The shrieking of the primates was frenzied, high-pitched and perpetual, and set my teeth on edge. They couldn't have been too happy about being stuck out in this
god-awful weather, but I got the feeling from what my partner had said it was something more than that. I hopped from the seat of the cart and lightning flashed in the
sky, followed by a boom of thunder, low, loud, and close. The baboons' shrieking intensified and I felt like I was walking into that scene from 2001. I expected to see a
giant black obelisk rising from the center of their cage. I came up beside my co-worker.

"Ronnie, what the hell's going on, man? What's got into them?"

He still didn't turn his head. The pouring rain ran down his cheeks as he stared into the center of the cage. I followed his gaze and saw a swarm of the shrieking
monkeys encircling something. They were feeding, tearing pieces of flesh and blood and ligament from an animal torso lying between them. Ronnie just kept staring his
thousand yard stare.

"It's human," he said slowly. "There's a human body in there."

I felt ill as I glanced around the top of the enclosure. I figured that whoever's body was being torn asunder by a frenzied troop of baboons had gotten in from up there.
There was an altogether too-short railing at the top that opened up into the main level of the park. During the day people could come and watch the baboons play from
above instead of below. A few times in the past there had been a few idiots who decided that they wanted to climb the railing to play with the baboons. There was only
one time someone had successfully made it into the enclosure but the guards were able to rescue them before the baboons got to them.

This person hadn't been so lucky.

"What the hell are we going to do?" Ronnie said blankly, staring at a rather large baboon leisurely chewing on a handful of flesh. I stood unblinking and uncertain of the
best course of action. Obviously we couldn't go in, getting between a wild animal and its meal is . . . inadvisable. And really, there was no point. The person in there
was deader than disco. Risking our lives for a corpse wasn't a reasonable course of action, especially because we didn't get paid enough for that.

"We better call the boss," I said turning toward the exit of the exhibit.

"I think we should just call the cops right away," Ronnie said to me as we made our way back to the small office where our phones were protected from the rain.

The boss had told us clearly after the first couple of incidences that we should contact him first, he'd take care of it. Something about us not getting paid enough to deal
with this shit. He was right. Reminding Ronnie of this, he didn't seem pleased. He started quietly grumbling under his breath, spitting the rain water from his mouth
with every movement of his lips.

Grabbing my phone, I sifted through to find George. After several rings his wife answered the phone, her quiet hello sounded groggy from being awoken. "Hi, Mrs. S.
Is George around? There's been another incident." My voice cracked, "It's pretty serious."

She yawned, "Hi Al, George said he was going into work tonight. Something about a problem with the security system. You haven't seen him?"

Placing my hand over the receiver so she couldn't hear me, I spun around to Ronnie who was looking a little pale. "You seen George tonight?" He simply shook his
head.

"We haven't. I'll keep an eye out."

She yawned again, "Alright dear, you two be careful in that storm."

The only option now was to notify the cops. I didn't like it, but damned if we were going to go searching for George in the storm. Ronnie seemed relieved, more color
flooding to his face.

"I'll call them," he said.

"Alright. I don't want to, but I'll head back to the enclosure to make sure everything is secure." I said as Ronnie started dialing.

The office was close by and I could still hear the monkeys shrieking. I made my way to the top of the enclosure to double check the locks on the doors. Realizing they
were secure, I sighed and put my weight on the rail, tilting my head to the left in an attempt to not look down. My focus fixated on one of the trees, and that's when I
noticed the piece of clothing that had been left behind.

A few years back George had gone on a trip with his wife. He came back with a red cap which seemed to be superglued to his head ever since.

My stomach dropped and I sprinted back to the office, Flinging open the door, I yelled out to Ronnie. "I think it was George. Fuck, Ron. His hat was in the
enclosure."

Ronnie froze with his thumb hovering over the call button, staring into the space I occupied. He blinked, "No fucking way."

I sighed, "Yeah, way. I can hardly believe it myself."

"No. I mean, no fucking way. George never went near those things. You know, 'Those damn dirty apes'? He hates them."

His hat was hooked on one of the branches with smears of brown and deep red. Apart from that, there was no way to identify the mess of viscera lying in the bottom
of the enclosure now. "His hat was in there, Ron."

He shook his head with a little too much conviction, "That don't mean a thing. Coulda fallen off. Then maybe the wind blew it in there." Ron hit "Call" and put the
phone to his ear.

I slumped in the chair next to him, barely listening to his requests for police and an ambulance. I shut my eyes for just a minute when the sound of the rain became
cracks against the window. Hail stones fell and littered the ground with pale icy beads. By the time Ron explained for the third time that we were on Fifth and Eighth,
not Sixth and Seventh, the hail stones were as big as golf balls, and slammed against the window, threatening to come straight through.

The cries from the park changed from excited gibbering to panicked shrieks. The lemurs in the enclosure next to the office ran around trying in vain to hide under the
trees. Hail stones crashed down against the bars, exploding into fragments. Some got through the gaps and hit the ground inside like grenades.

The unlucky animals took direct hits, some reeling from broken ribs, some slumped to the ground with a bloody mess on their skull. The ones that found hiding places
fought for the space, pushing smaller, weaker ones into the fray.

"Shit." Ron hung up, "I could barely hear them on the line. The dispatcher didn't hear a word of what I said. This storm is seriously fucking with us."

"I think we're in here for the night, Ron."

As the words came out of my mouth, there was a crash above us. It thudded heavily like it would break through the roof. The office shook with the impact. Then there
was another one and another afterward. Ron and I both jumped out of our seats and stared up at the ceiling expecting it to come crashing down on us at any moment.

"Those pieces of hail must be the size of freakin' basketballs to make that noise," I said to Ron as we both went to the office door and into the administrative area. As
we approached the window for a look outside, there several more crashes on the roof. Neither of us said a word at what we saw when we looked out the window.

Dozens of animal corpses littered the pavement outside the office as far as we could see. We couldn't tell what any of them were. Each corpse was a tangled mess of
flesh and viscera. Broken bones ripped through skin and fur. They looked just like George's body in the baboon enclosure. Ron put his head down and puked. I was too
in shock to do anything else but stare ahead and watch as animals continued to fall from the sky.

"It's fuckin' raining all creatures great and small of God's green earth."

Ron looked up at me, his face pale, and wiped the vomit from the edge of his mouth with his hand. He stared at me incredulously. The pounding on the roof continued
above us, a continual thump thump thump. I stared out the window and watched the rain of animal corpses hitting the pavement. Body after body rained from the sky
with the hail. Giant fleshy sacks of muscle and blood and grizzled guts exploding against the hard wet surface of the zoo asphalt and splattered everywhere.

"I'm worried the roof is gonna come in," Ronnie said. His eyes were wild. "This is some end times shit we're dealing with right now, man. I "

His proclamations were cut short by a sound coming from outside. It was a viscous, bone-rattling monstrous squawk that was deeper and louder than any boom of
thunder I'd ever head.

"What the fuck was that?" I said. "We need to get outta here!"

"No!" Ronnie yelled. "What the fuck's got into you, man? It's fucking raining animals outside!"

I didn't care. I ran for the door and burst out into the cold insanity that was the storm. It was a wasteland of carnage, animal bodies strewn everywhere, and the
unrelenting hail and wind pounded me. Then I heard it again, that animal sound, that scream  shaking me to the core and making a chill run up my spine.

"Al!" Ronnie yelled from behind and tackled me. We fell to the tarmac, and I looked just in time to see a giant hulking gorilla drop like a stone and explode into a puddle
of gore right where we had been standing.

"Holy shit!" I yelled over the thump thump thump of bodies hitting the pavement everywhere around us.

"Thanks man!"

Ronnie was frozen above me, staring up into the sky. "Ronnie?"

I followed Ronnie's gaze. At first I thought he was staring at the storm, then lightning flashed and I saw what he was looking at. It was only for a moment but whatever
I saw was huge, flying on massive wings. Now that I knew it was there I could see it, turning round and round in the sky. It was circling the mess of meat that had just
splattered behind us. I glanced down at myself and realized that Ronnie and I were covered in the gore too.

"Ronnie," I choked out, trying to remain calm "Ronnie, we have to get back inside." Ronnie still had his eyes glued to the sky. He was whimpering prayers to whatever
deity he worshiped.

"Ronnie, dammit!" I stood up and grabbed his arm and began yanking him towards the building. "We need to get back inside now!"

I heard the creature getting closer. The wings shaking the air warning that death was only a few yard away. I could feel the beating of the wings in the shifting of the air.
It squawked again and I dropped Ronnie's arm to cover my ears.

I looked at Ronnie again, he'd finally come around and was standing. The squawk seemed to shake him loose from his paralysis. I took that chance to bolt for the door.

"Hurry up!" I shouted to Ronnie while he was still making his way back into the building. He slipped on the gore that covered the ground almost falling over but
regained his balance as he bolted towards the door. A flash of lightning lit up the sky and then there was the crash of thunder a moment later. Ronnie's eyes widened
into pure terror. Another powerful squawk ripped across the air, making my ears drums feel as if they were going to burst. Whatever it was that he saw gave him a
second wind and he quickly made it back inside.

I slammed the door shut behind him and twisted the lock into place. The door started to shake a second later, as if as group of people were hitting it with hammers. The
sound of wood splintering ran out through the office and an ear piercing squawk filled my soul with fear. I had no time to think as the window next to the door
shattered and something flew into the administrative room. The impact must have dazed it as it fluttered around on the ground trying to regain it's composure.

I felt a tug on my arm and Ronnie dragged me away into the security room.

"Did you see that shit?" I shouted knowing damned well that Ronnie had seen it. There were a million and one questions on my mind. My adrenaline rush wouldn't
allow me to formulate the words that I was trying to say. I was hoping he would have some sort of an answer that would put my mind to ease as to what that creature
was.

"The sky...it's...full of them," Ronnie replied through chattering teeth. I couldn't tell if it was from being cold or from fear.

"I only saw the huge one and the one in the office," I said back confused.

"I saw them all when the lightning flashed. They're circling above us. Hundreds of them," Ronnie explained. A cold shiver went up my spine. Ronnie sat down on a
chair and put his palms to his face. He wiped away the blood that was getting into his eyes. I did the same hoping to remove whatever I had on my face as well.

"Coco," Ronnie said as if figuring out the answer to all our questions in life.

"What about Coco?" I replied.

"Dude, that was Coco that splattered in front of us on the pavement," Ronnie answered with wide eyes, nodding his head in a daze.

"Yeah, there were a lot of animals out there. The whole fucking zoo is splattered outside," I replied still not understanding where he was going with it.

"Coco is a 300 pound gorilla," Ronnie said looking at me like I was an idiot.

"I really don't know how that fun fact helps us right now," I said feeling irritated.

"Whatever the fuck it was that dropped him from the sky has to be about the size of a god damned bus to have done that!" Ronnie shouted at me while tossing the
chair to the side and pacing around the room. He opened the desk drawers and ransacked them until he found a can of mace and tossed it at me.

"So what do we do now?" I asked hoping to calm him down.

"We barricade the door, hunker down, and hope to God that they don't break through," Ronnie replied while turning over the desk and pushing it against the door. I
started to search the room for something else to add to our makeshift barrier and found nothing. We took our chairs and placed them against the door too. We both sat
there listening to the thump thump thump and muffled squawks between the rumbles of thunder.



"Al, wake up," Ronnie said shaking me out of my slumber. I didn't realize that I had fallen asleep. Between the sound of thunder and squawks, I didn't think I'd ever
get to sleep but my exhaustion must have won out at some point in the night.

"What's going on?" I asked wiping the sleep away from my eyes. The whites of Ronnie's eyes were blood shot and there were bags under his eyes. He must have
stayed awake the entire night.

"It's morning. The storm is gone. There hasn't been a thump on the roof in hours. I think it's safe but I don't want to chance going out there without backup," Ronnie
explained pointing at the mace on the floor next to me.

We made our way out of the security office remaining as quiet as we could. Ronnie led in front holding an improvised spear made from a broom handle we'd found in
the closet. I stayed behind him with the mace ready to spray anything that came at us. As soon as we stepped out of the office door, the smell of rotting meat punched
us in the face like we owed it money. I tried to hold back from vomiting but the smell was too wretched. I tossed up whatever I had in my stomach and then we
continued onward with our hands over our noses and made sure to breathe through our mouths. It didn't make it any better.

As we exited the hallway and entered the administrative office, we were met with the sound of squawking birds. That almost sent me running back into the security
office but Ronnie held my arm and told me to listen. They were nothing like the squawking we heard the night before. We tiptoed to the shattered window, crunching
over the broken glass, alerting the birds to our presence. A few turned their attention to us then immediately went right back to enjoying their scavenged meal. They
paid no mind to us as we took in the grisly view that the darkness of the night had hidden away from our eyes.

Thousands of birds from miles around had smelled the stench of festering zoo animals and came to enjoy the buffet of leftovers the creatures from last night left behind.
Entire carcasses were left behind that looked like they had been torn apart but none of the meat was taken. Only the bones seemed to have been removed.

Birds of all shapes, colors, and sizes pecked away with blood smeared beaks at the carrion. Before leaving the safety of the office, we searched the skies for any sign of
the creatures from last night. Aside from a few birds circling above, there was nothing threatening.

We made our way out to the parking lot carefully to avoid slipping on the gore that coated the ground. Once I got my phone on a charger, I called for the police and told
the dispatcher about what happened. I couldn't believe my ears when they told me that they would get to us in an hour or two. The storm had wrought havoc across
the state causing traffic accidents and bringing down power lines making travel very difficult. All officers on duty were busy.

Ronnie took the phone from me and tried to berate some sense into the dispatcher but apparently even if every animal on Earth was killed, the police would still be
more worried about taking care of human life first. Looking back on it now, I can see their reasoning but after spending the night in a security office worrying about
being lifted into the air and then dropped to my death by some monster, there was no reason left in the world.

We waited an hour before an officer showed up at the zoo. As he stepped out his car, he placed his hand over his nose and coughed at the smell in the air. It was
beginning to warm up too. The smell would get worse as the day went on. The officer asked us what happened and we had no choice but to tell him the truth. He
didn't believe us until we offered him a tour of our newly renovated zoo. Once he finished puking, he called for backup. I imagine that the rest of the day must have
been like that for everyone else that showed up at that horrific scene.

It's been almost twelve years since the events of that horrible night. The zoo never reopened and a month later, it was bulldozed and the land was sold off to a
company that built a warehouse there. Ronnie and I heard through the grapevine that the zookeepers and everyone else that worked there were told that it was closed

because the owners had a change in morality about keeping animals caged up for human amusement. They were told that the animals were released into the wild or
transferred to other zoos around the world. Any further inquires led nowhere.

The company offered very generous severance packages to the employees that lost their jobs. Ronnie and I were offered a substantial amount to compensate us for our
troubles that night and to buy our silence. Non-disclosure agreements were a stipulation to getting our payouts and keeping them. Unfortunately, money talks and its
very loud in the ears of a couples of guys that used to work security in a zoo. Plus, who was going to believe our story anyway?

George's wife was the only loose end that the company had to contend with. She filed a missing person's report with the local police and there was an investigation
into his disappearance. The last anyone had seen of him was a security camera video showing him getting a drink at a convenience store and leaving the store never to
be seen again. George never turned up.

It pained me to have to keep my mouth shut about it knowing that she was suffering the entire time. Luckily for her, it was discovered later on that George had a life
insurance policy through the zoo and Mrs. S got a pretty huge payout. She soon went silent on the matter as well. A few months after George "disappeared", she
moved out of town never to be seen or heard from again.

Just to be safe, I changed the names of the people involved and left out many of the specifics in case anyone from the company's legal department happens to stumble
upon this. After more then a decade, I doubt anyone even bothers thinking about that zoo anymore except for me and I'd guess that Ronnie may think about it often as
well.

There are still scars from that night that will last me a lifetime. The sound of thunder sends a cold chill down my spine and sends me running for cover in a panic. I've
imagined seeing the outline of the mammoth beast circling in the clouds waiting for me to come outside so that it can fly me into the air and drop me. The deafening
squawk is the only that I can hear as I plummet to Earth. My bones snap on impact and everything goes dark but I'm not dead. The smell of rotting animals awakens
me from death. I see the birds pecking away with bloody beaks at the remains of splattered animals. I can't breath. I can't think. Nothing feels right anymore.

Once it passes, I'm fine again and I can continue to live my life as I have all along with only one lingering thought in the back of my head that continues to haunt me to
this day:

They're still out there. One day, those creatures will be hungry again. And the next time, they'll be bigger and looking to eat animals more like Coco instead of baboons.

